Word Definition & Page Index
-----------------------------------------------------------------
cancel - cancel, Definition(s): v. i.: To inclose or surround as with a railing or with latticework.; v. i.: To shut out as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude.; v. i.: To cross and deface as the lines of a writing or as a word or figure; to mark out by a cross line; to blot out or obliterate.; v. i.: To annul or destroy; to revoke or recall.; v. i.: To suppress or omit; to strike out as matter in type.; v. i.: An inclosure; a boundary; a limit.; v. i.: The suppression or striking out of matter in type or of a printed page or pages.; v. i.: The part thus suppressed.
Found on page(s): [64]

prepare - prepare, Definition(s): v. t.: To fit adapt or qualify for a particular purpose or condition; to make ready; to put into a state for use or application; as to prepare ground for seed; to prepare a lesson.; v. t.: To procure as suitable or necessary; to get ready; to provide; as to prepare ammunition and provisions for troops; to prepare ships for defence; to prepare an entertainment.; v. i.: To make all things ready; to put things in order; as to prepare for a hostile invasion.; v. i.: To make one's self ready; to get ready; to take the necessary previous measures; as to prepare for death.; n.: Preparation.
Found on page(s): [7, 85]

spoke - spoke, Definition(s): : of Speak.; : imp. of Speak.; n.: The radius or ray of a wheel; one of the small bars which are inserted in the hub or nave and which serve to support the rim or felly.; n.: A projecting handle of a steering wheel.; n.: A rung or round of a ladder.; n.: A contrivance for fastening the wheel of a vehicle to prevent it from turning in going down a hill.; v. t.: To furnish with spokes as a wheel.
Found on page(s): [10, 90, 104]

fortress. - fortress., Definition(s): n.: A fortified place; a large and permanent fortification sometimes including a town; a fort; a castle; a stronghold; a place of defense or security.; v. t.: To furnish with a fortress or with fortresses; to guard; to fortify.
Found on page(s): [80]

fifty - fifty, Definition(s): a.: Five times ten; as fifty men.; n.: The sum of five tens; fifty units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing fifty units as 50 or l.
Found on page(s): [84]

discourage - discourage, Definition(s): v. t.: To extinguish the courage of; to dishearten; to depress the spirits of; to deprive of confidence; to deject; -- the opposite of encourage; as he was discouraged in his undertaking; he need not be discouraged from a like attempt.; v. t.: To dishearten one with respect to; to discountenance; to seek to check by disfavoring; to deter one from; as they discouraged his efforts.; n.: Lack of courage; cowardliness.
Found on page(s): [71]

guards - guards, Definition(s): n. pl.: A body of picked troops; as The Household Guards.
Found on page(s): [6]

reproach - reproach, Definition(s): v. t.: To come back to or come home to as a matter of blame; to bring shame or disgrace upon; to disgrace.; v. t.: To attribute blame to; to allege something disgraceful against; to charge with a fault; to censure severely or contemptuously; to upbraid.; v.: The act of reproaching; censure mingled with contempt; contumelious or opprobrious language toward any person; abusive reflections; as severe reproach.; v.: A cause of blame or censure; shame; disgrace.; v.: An object of blame censure scorn or derision.
Found on page(s): [45, 46, 47, 56, 99]

character, - character,, Definition(s): n.: A distinctive mark; a letter figure or symbol.; n.: Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the peculiar form of letters used by a particular person or people; as an inscription in the Runic character.; n.: The peculiar quality or the sum of qualities by which a person or a thing is distinguished from others; the stamp impressed by nature education or habit; that which a person or thing really is; nature; disposition.; n.: Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality; as he has a great deal of character.; n.: Moral quality; the principles and motives that control the life; as a man of character; his character saves him from suspicion.; n.: Quality position rank or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty; as in the miserable character of a slave; in his character as a magistrate; her character as a daughter.; n.: The estimate individual or general put upon a person or thing; reputation; as a man's character for truth and veracity; to give one a bad character.; n.: A written statement as to behavior competency etc. given to a servant.; n.: A unique or extraordinary individuality; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits; a person who illustrates certain phases of character; as Randolph was a character; Caesar is a great historical character.; n.: One of the persons of a drama or novel.; v. t.: To engrave; to inscribe.; v. t.: To distinguish by particular marks or traits; to describe; to characterize.
Found on page(s): [68]

ten - ten, Definition(s): a.: One more than nine; twice five.; n.: The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects.; n.: A symbol representing ten units as 10 x or X.
Found on page(s): [18, 32, 39, 83, 91, 99, 100]

scanty - scanty, Definition(s): a.: Wanting amplitude or extent; narrow; small; not abundant.; a.: Somewhat less than is needed; insufficient; scant; as a scanty supply of words; a scanty supply of bread.; a.: Sparing; niggardly; parsimonious.
Found on page(s): [41]

character. - character., Definition(s): n.: A distinctive mark; a letter figure or symbol.; n.: Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the peculiar form of letters used by a particular person or people; as an inscription in the Runic character.; n.: The peculiar quality or the sum of qualities by which a person or a thing is distinguished from others; the stamp impressed by nature education or habit; that which a person or thing really is; nature; disposition.; n.: Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality; as he has a great deal of character.; n.: Moral quality; the principles and motives that control the life; as a man of character; his character saves him from suspicion.; n.: Quality position rank or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty; as in the miserable character of a slave; in his character as a magistrate; her character as a daughter.; n.: The estimate individual or general put upon a person or thing; reputation; as a man's character for truth and veracity; to give one a bad character.; n.: A written statement as to behavior competency etc. given to a servant.; n.: A unique or extraordinary individuality; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits; a person who illustrates certain phases of character; as Randolph was a character; Caesar is a great historical character.; n.: One of the persons of a drama or novel.; v. t.: To engrave; to inscribe.; v. t.: To distinguish by particular marks or traits; to describe; to characterize.
Found on page(s): [74]

worse. - worse., Definition(s): compar.: Bad ill evil or corrupt in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense.; n.: Loss; disadvantage; defeat.; n.: That which is worse; something less good; as think not the worse of him for his enterprise.; a.: In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad.; v. t.: To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst. See Worst v.
Found on page(s): [4]

conceal - conceal, Definition(s): v. t.: To hide or withdraw from observation; to cover; to cover or keep from sight; to prevent the discovery of; to withhold knowledge of.
Found on page(s): [20]

worse, - worse,, Definition(s): compar.: Bad ill evil or corrupt in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense.; n.: Loss; disadvantage; defeat.; n.: That which is worse; something less good; as think not the worse of him for his enterprise.; a.: In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad.; v. t.: To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst. See Worst v.
Found on page(s): [90]

solid - solid, Definition(s): a.: Having the constituent parts so compact or so firmly adhering as to resist the impression or penetration of other bodies; having a fixed form; hard; firm; compact; -- opposed to fluid and liquid or to plastic like clay or to incompact like sand.; a.: Not hollow; full of matter; as a solid globe or cone as distinguished from a hollow one; not spongy; dense; hence sometimes heavy.; a.: Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic; as a solid foot contains 1728 solid inches.; a.: Firm; compact; strong; stable; unyielding; as a solid pier; a solid pile; a solid wall.; a.: Applied to a compound word whose parts are closely united and form an unbroken word; -- opposed to hyphened.; a.: Fig.: Worthy of credit trust or esteem; substantial as opposed to frivolous or fallacious; weighty; firm; strong; valid; just; genuine.; a.: Sound; not weakly; as a solid constitution of body.; a.: Of a fleshy uniform undivided substance as a bulb or root; not spongy or hollow within as a stem.; a.: Impenetrable; resisting or excluding any other material particle or atom from any given portion of space; -- applied to the supposed ultimate particles of matter.; a.: Not having the lines separated by leads; not open.; a.: United; without division; unanimous; as the delegation is solid for a candidate.; n.: A substance that is held in a fixed form by cohesion among its particles; a substance not fluid.; n.: A magnitude which has length breadth and thickness; a part of space bounded on all sides.
Found on page(s): [18]

corn, - corn,, Definition(s): n.: A thickening of the epidermis at some point esp. on the toes by friction or pressure. It is usually painful and troublesome.; n.: A single seed of certain plants as wheat rye barley and maize; a grain.; n.: The various farinaceous grains of the cereal grasses used for food as wheat rye barley maize oats.; n.: The plants which produce corn when growing in the field; the stalks and ears or the stalks ears and seeds after reaping and before thrashing.; n.: A small hard particle; a grain.; v. t.: To preserve and season with salt in grains; to sprinkle with salt; to cure by salting; now specifically to salt slightly in brine or otherwise; as to corn beef; to corn a tongue.; v. t.: To form into small grains; to granulate; as to corn gunpowder.; v. t.: To feed with corn or (in Sctland) oats; as to corn horses.; v. t.: To render intoxicated; as ale strong enough to corn one.
Found on page(s): [96]

meanwhile - meanwhile, Definition(s): n.: The intervening time; as in the meantime (or mean time).; adv.: In the intervening time; during the interval.
Found on page(s): [81]

belief; - belief;, Definition(s): n.: Assent to a proposition or affirmation or the acceptance of a fact opinion or assertion as real or true without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as belief of a witness; the belief of our senses.; n.: A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith.; n.: The thing believed; the object of belief.; n.: A tenet or the body of tenets held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
Found on page(s): [90]

consort, - consort,, Definition(s): n.: One who shares the lot of another; a companion; a partner; especially a wife or husband.; n.: A ship keeping company with another.; n.: Concurrence; conjunction; combination; association; union.; n.: An assembly or association of persons; a company; a group; a combination.; n.: Harmony of sounds; concert as of musical instruments.; v. i.: To unite or to keep company; to associate; -- used with with.; v. t.: To unite or join as in affection harmony company marriage etc.; to associate.; v. t.: To attend; to accompany.
Found on page(s): [64]

require - require, Definition(s): v. t.: To demand; to insist upon having; to claim as by right and authority; to exact; as to require the surrender of property.; v. t.: To demand or exact as indispensable; to need.; v. t.: To ask as a favor; to request.
Found on page(s): [52]

mind, - mind,, Definition(s): v.: The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives judges or reasons; also the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body.; v.: The state at any given time of the faculties of thinking willing choosing and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief.; v.: Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will.; v.: Courage; spirit.; v.: Memory; remembrance; recollection; as to have or keep in mind to call to mind to put in mind etc.; n.: To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note.; n.: To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to; as to mind one's business.; n.: To obey; as to mind parents; the dog minds his master.; n.: To have in mind; to purpose.; n.: To put in mind; to remind.; v. i.: To give attention or heed; to obey; as the dog minds well.
Found on page(s): [23, 25, 44, 48, 91]

conspirator - conspirator, Definition(s): n.: One who engages in a conspiracy; a plotter.
Found on page(s): [54, 55]

mind. - mind., Definition(s): v.: The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives judges or reasons; also the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body.; v.: The state at any given time of the faculties of thinking willing choosing and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief.; v.: Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will.; v.: Courage; spirit.; v.: Memory; remembrance; recollection; as to have or keep in mind to call to mind to put in mind etc.; n.: To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note.; n.: To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to; as to mind one's business.; n.: To obey; as to mind parents; the dog minds his master.; n.: To have in mind; to purpose.; n.: To put in mind; to remind.; v. i.: To give attention or heed; to obey; as the dog minds well.
Found on page(s): [84]

backwards - backwards, Definition(s): adv.: With the back in advance or foremost; as to ride backward.; adv.: Toward the back; toward the rear; as to throw the arms backward.; adv.: On the back or with the back downward.; adv.: Toward or in past time or events; ago.; adv.: By way of reflection; reflexively.; adv.: From a better to a worse state as from honor to shame from religion to sin.; adv.: In a contrary or reverse manner way or direction; contrarily; as to read backwards.
Found on page(s): [32]

compassionate - compassionate, Definition(s): a.: Having a temper or disposition to pity; sympathetic; merciful.; a.: Complaining; inviting pity; pitiable.; v. t.: To have compassion for; to pity; to commiserate; to sympathize with.
Found on page(s): [87]

th' - th', Definition(s): : In Old English the article the when the following word began with a vowel was often written with elision as if a part of the word. Thus in Chaucer the forms thabsence tharray thegle thend thingot etc. are found for the absence the array the eagle the end etc.
Found on page(s): [79]

belief, - belief,, Definition(s): n.: Assent to a proposition or affirmation or the acceptance of a fact opinion or assertion as real or true without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as belief of a witness; the belief of our senses.; n.: A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith.; n.: The thing believed; the object of belief.; n.: A tenet or the body of tenets held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
Found on page(s): [52]

Diet - Diet, Definition(s): n.: Course of living or nourishment; what is eaten and drunk habitually; food; victuals; fare.; n.: A course of food selected with reference to a particular state of health; prescribed allowance of food; regimen prescribed.; v. t.: To cause to take food; to feed.; v. t.: To cause to eat and drink sparingly or by prescribed rules; to regulate medicinally the food of.; v. i.: To eat; to take one's meals.; v. i.: To eat according to prescribed rules; to ear sparingly; as the doctor says he must diet.; n.: A legislative or administrative assembly in Germany Poland and some other countries of Europe; a deliberative convention; a council; as the Diet of Worms held in 1521.
Found on page(s): [80]

rounded - rounded, Definition(s): a.: Modified by contraction of the lip opening; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation / 11.
Found on page(s): [1]

amusing - amusing, Definition(s): a.: Giving amusement; diverting; as an amusing story.
Found on page(s): [60, 105]

object - object, Definition(s): v. t.: To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.; v. t.: To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason.; v. i.: To make opposition in words or argument; -- usually followed by to.; v. t.: That which is put or which may be regarded as put in the way of some of the senses; something visible or tangible; as he observed an object in the distance; all the objects in sight; he touched a strange object in the dark.; v. t.: That which is set or which may be regarded as set before the mind so as to be apprehended or known; that of which the mind by any of its activities takes cognizance whether a thing external in space or a conception formed by the mind itself; as an object of knowledge wonder fear thought study etc.; v. t.: That by which the mind or any of its activities is directed; that on which the purpose are fixed as the end of action or effort; that which is sought for; end; aim; motive; final cause.; v. t.: Sight; show; appearance; aspect.; v. t.: A word phrase or clause toward which an action is directed or is considered to be directed; as the object of a transitive verb.; a.: Opposed; presented in opposition; also exposed.
Found on page(s): [27, 74, 89]

throne, - throne,, Definition(s): n.: A chair of state commonly a royal seat but sometimes the seat of a prince bishop or other high dignitary.; n.: Hence sovereign power and dignity; also the one who occupies a throne or is invested with sovereign authority; an exalted or dignified personage.; n.: A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.; v. t.: To place on a royal seat; to enthrone.; v. t.: To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt.; v. i.: To be in or sit upon a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne.
Found on page(s): [58]

telling - telling, Definition(s): a.: Operating with great effect; effective; as a telling speech.
Found on page(s): [84]

throne. - throne., Definition(s): n.: A chair of state commonly a royal seat but sometimes the seat of a prince bishop or other high dignitary.; n.: Hence sovereign power and dignity; also the one who occupies a throne or is invested with sovereign authority; an exalted or dignified personage.; n.: A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.; v. t.: To place on a royal seat; to enthrone.; v. t.: To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt.; v. i.: To be in or sit upon a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne.
Found on page(s): [59, 60]

vengeance - vengeance, Definition(s): n.: Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense; retribution; -- often in a bad sense passionate or unrestrained revenge.; n.: Harm; mischief.
Found on page(s): [81]

infinite - infinite, Definition(s): a.: Unlimited or boundless in time or space; as infinite duration or distance.; a.: Without limit in power capacity knowledge or excellence; boundless; immeasurably or inconceivably great; perfect; as the infinite wisdom and goodness of God; -- opposed to finite.; a.: Indefinitely large or extensive; great; vast; immense; gigantic; prodigious.; a.: Greater than any assignable quantity of the same kind; -- said of certain quantities.; a.: Capable of endless repetition; -- said of certain forms of the canon called also perpetual fugues so constructed that their ends lead to their beginnings and the performance may be incessantly repeated.; n.: That which is infinite; boundless space or duration; infinity; boundlessness.; n.: An infinite quantity or magnitude.; n.: An infinity; an incalculable or very great number.; n.: The Infinite Being; God; the Almighty.
Found on page(s): [4, 12, 24, 26, 33]

suffice - suffice, Definition(s): v. i.: To be enough or sufficient; to meet the need (of anything); to be equal to the end proposed; to be adequate.; v. t.: To satisfy; to content; to be equal to the wants or demands of.; v. t.: To furnish; to supply adequately.
Found on page(s): [16, 23]

notable - notable, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being noted; noticeable; plan; evident.; a.: Worthy of notice; remarkable; memorable; noted or distinguished; as a notable event person.; a.: Well-known; notorious.; n.: A person or thing of distinction.; n.: One of a number of persons before the revolution of 1789 chiefly of the higher orders appointed by the king to constitute a representative body.
Found on page(s): [24]

turn - turn, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to move upon a center or as if upon a center; to give circular motion to; to cause to revolve; to cause to move round either partially wholly or repeatedly; to make to change position so as to present other sides in given directions; to make to face otherwise; as to turn a wheel or a spindle; to turn the body or the head.; v. t.: To cause to present a different side uppermost or outmost; to make the upper side the lower or the inside to be the outside of; to reverse the position of; as to turn a box or a board; to turn a coat.; v. t.: To give another direction tendency or inclination to; to direct otherwise; to deflect; to incline differently; -- used both literally and figuratively; as to turn the eyes to the heavens; to turn a horse from the road or a ship from her course; to turn the attention to or from something.; v. t.: To change from a given use or office; to divert as to another purpose or end; to transfer; to use or employ; to apply; to devote.; v. t.: To change the form quality aspect or effect of; to alter; to metamorphose; to convert; to transform; -- often with to or into before the word denoting the effect or product of the change; as to turn a worm into a winged insect; to turn green to blue; to turn prose into verse; to turn a Whig to a Tory or a Hindu to a Christian; to turn good to evil and the like.; v. t.: To form in a lathe; to shape or fashion (anything) by applying a cutting tool to it while revolving; as to turn the legs of stools or tables; to turn ivory or metal.; v. t.: Hence to give form to; to shape; to mold; to put in proper condition; to adapt.; v. t.: To translate; to construe; as to turn the Iliad.; v. t.: To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle etc.: as to turn cider or wine; electricity turns milk quickly.; v. t.: To sicken; to nauseate; as an emetic turns one's stomach.; v. i.: To move round; to have a circular motion; to revolve entirely repeatedly or partially; to change position so as to face differently; to whirl or wheel round; as a wheel turns on its axis; a spindle turns on a pivot; a man turns on his heel.; v. i.: Hence to revolve as if upon a point of support; to hinge; to depend; as the decision turns on a single fact.; v. i.: To result or terminate; to come about; to eventuate; to issue.; v. i.: To be deflected; to take a different direction or tendency; to be directed otherwise; to be differently applied; to be transferred; as to turn from the road.; v. i.: To be changed altered or transformed; to become transmuted; also to become by a change or changes; to grow; as wood turns to stone; water turns to ice; one color turns to another; to turn Mohammedan.; v. i.: To undergo the process of turning on a lathe; as ivory turns well.; v. i.: To become acid; to sour; -- said of milk ale etc.; v. i.: To become giddy; -- said of the head or brain.; v. i.: To be nauseated; -- said of the stomach.; v. i.: To become inclined in the other direction; -- said of scales.; v. i.: To change from ebb to flow or from flow to ebb; -- said of the tide.; v. i.: To bring down the feet of a child in the womb in order to facilitate delivery.; v. i.: To invert a type of the same thickness as temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.; n.: The act of turning; movement or motion about or as if about a center or axis; revolution; as the turn of a wheel.; n.: Change of direction course or tendency; different order position or aspect of affairs; alteration; vicissitude; as the turn of the tide.; n.: One of the successive portions of a course or of a series of occurrences reckoning from change to change; hence a winding; a bend; a meander.; n.: A circuitous walk or a walk to and fro ending where it began; a short walk; a stroll.; n.: Successive course; opportunity enjoyed by alternation with another or with others or in due order; due chance; alternate or incidental occasion; appropriate time.; n.: Incidental or opportune deed or office; occasional act of kindness or malice; as to do one an ill turn.; n.: Convenience; occasion; purpose; exigence; as this will not serve his turn.; n.: Form; cast; shape; manner; fashion; -- used in a literal or figurative sense; hence form of expression; mode of signifying; as the turn of thought; a man of a sprightly turn in conversation.; n.: A change of condition; especially a sudden or recurring symptom of illness as a nervous shock or fainting spell; as a bad turn.; n.: A fall off the ladder at the gallows; a hanging; -- so called from the practice of causing the criminal to stand on a ladder which was turned over so throwing him off when the signal was given.; n.: A round of a rope or cord in order to secure it as about a pin or a cleat.; n.: A pit sunk in some part of a drift.; n.: A court of record held by the sheriff twice a year in every hundred within his county.; n.: Monthly courses; menses.; n.: An embellishment or grace (marked thus /) commonly consisting of the principal note or that on which the turn is made with the note above and the semitone below the note above being sounded first the principal note next and the semitone below last the three being performed quickly as a triplet preceding the marked note. The turn may be inverted so as to begin with the lower note in which case the sign is either placed on end thus / or drawn thus /.
Found on page(s): [2, 4, 7, 35, 48, 52, 62, 63, 75, 87, 91, 101]

elect - elect, Definition(s): a.: Chosen; taken by preference from among two or more.; a.: Chosen as the object of mercy or divine favor; set apart to eternal life.; a.: Chosen to an office but not yet actually inducted into it; as bishop elect; governor or mayor elect.; n.: One chosen or set apart.; n.: Those who are chosen for salvation.; v. t.: To pick out; to select; to choose.; v. t.: To select or take for an office; to select by vote; as to elect a representative a president or a governor.; v. t.: To designate choose or select as an object of mercy or favor.
Found on page(s): [22]

opposition - opposition, Definition(s): n.: The act of opposing; an attempt to check restrain or defeat; resistance.; n.: The state of being placed over against; situation so as to front something else.; n.: Repugnance; contrariety of sentiment interest or purpose; antipathy.; n.: That which opposes; an obstacle; specifically the aggregate of persons or things opposing; hence in politics and parliamentary practice the party opposed to the party in power.; n.: The situation of a heavenly body with respect to another when in the part of the heavens directly opposite to it; especially the position of a planet or satellite when its longitude differs from that of the sun 180ยก; -- signified by the symbol /; as / / / opposition of Jupiter to the sun.; n.: The relation between two propositions when having the same subject and predicate they differ in quantity or in quality or in both; or between two propositions which have the same matter but a different form.
Found on page(s): [28, 95]

quiet - quiet, Definition(s): a.: In a state of rest or calm; without stir motion or agitation; still; as a quiet sea; quiet air.; a.: Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still.; a.: Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled; as a quiet life; a quiet conscience.; a.: Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented.; a.: Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative; as a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement.; a.: The quality or state of being quiet or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet.; a.: Freedom from disturbance noise or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security.; v. t.: To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest or of silence.; v. t.: To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize; as to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief.; v. i.: To become still silent or calm; -- often with down; as be soon quieted down.
Found on page(s): [29, 30, 33, 54, 72]

mourning, - mourning,, Definition(s): n.: The act of sorrowing or expressing grief; lamentation; sorrow.; n.: Garb drapery or emblems indicative of grief esp. clothing or a badge of somber black.; a.: Grieving; sorrowing; lamenting.; a.: Employed to express sorrow or grief; worn or used as appropriate to the condition of one bereaved or sorrowing; as mourning garments; a mourning ring; a mourning pin and the like.
Found on page(s): [104]

generally, - generally,, Definition(s): adv.: In general; commonly; extensively though not universally; most frequently.; adv.: In a general way or in general relation; in the main; upon the whole; comprehensively.; adv.: Collectively; as a whole; without omissions.
Found on page(s): [63]

posture - posture, Definition(s): n.: The position of the body; the situation or disposition of the several parts of the body with respect to each other or for a particular purpose; especially (Fine Arts) the position of a figure with regard to the several principal members by which action is expressed; attitude.; n.: Place; position; situation.; n.: State or condition whether of external circumstances or of internal feeling and will; disposition; mood; as a posture of defense; the posture of affairs.; v. t.: To place in a particular position or attitude; to dispose the parts of with reference to a particular purpose; as to posture one's self; to posture a model.; v. i.: To assume a particular posture or attitude; to contort the body into artificial attitudes as an acrobat or contortionist; also to pose.; v. i.: Fig.: To assume a character; as to posture as a saint.
Found on page(s): [65]

Fourthly, - Fourthly,, Definition(s): adv.: In the fourth place.
Found on page(s): [21]

eating - eating, Definition(s): n.: The act of tasking food; the act of consuming or corroding.; n.: Something fit to be eaten; food; as a peach is good eating.
Found on page(s): [105]

blood - blood, Definition(s): n.: The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals carrying nourishment to all parts of the body and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial.; n.: Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship.; n.: Descent; lineage; especially honorable birth; the highest royal lineage.; n.: Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed.; n.: The fleshy nature of man.; n.: The shedding of blood; the taking of life murder; manslaughter; destruction.; n.: A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition.; n.: Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions.; n.: A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay showy man; a rake.; n.: The juice of anything especially if red.; v. t.: To bleed.; v. t.: To stain smear or wet with blood.; v. t.: To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood as in hunting or war.; v. t.: To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
Found on page(s): [11]

straight - straight, Definition(s): a.: A variant of Strait a.; superl.: Right in a mathematical sense; passing from one point to another by the nearest course; direct; not deviating or crooked; as a straight line or course; a straight piece of timber.; superl.: Approximately straight; not much curved; as straight ribs are such as pass from the base of a leaf to the apex with a small curve.; superl.: Composed of cards which constitute a regular sequence as the ace king queen jack and ten-spot; as a straight hand; a straight flush.; superl.: Conforming to justice and rectitude; not deviating from truth or fairness; upright; as straight dealing.; superl.: Unmixed; undiluted; as to take liquor straight.; superl.: Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party; as a straight Republican; a straight Democrat; also containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a party and no others; as a straight ballot.; adv.: In a straight manner; directly; rightly; forthwith; immediately; as the arrow went straight to the mark.; n.: A hand of five cards in consecutive order as to value; a sequence. When they are of one suit it is calles straight flush.; v. t.: To straighten.
Found on page(s): [83]

arbiter, - arbiter,, Definition(s): n.: A person appointed or chosen by parties to determine a controversy between them.; n.: Any person who has the power of judging and determining or ordaining without control; one whose power of deciding and governing is not limited.; v. t.: To act as arbiter between.
Found on page(s): [56]

throw - throw, Definition(s): n.: Pain; especially pain of travail; throe.; n.: Time; while; space of time; moment; trice.; v. t.: To fling cast or hurl with a certain whirling motion of the arm to throw a ball; -- distinguished from to toss or to bowl.; v. t.: To fling or cast in any manner; to drive to a distance from the hand or from an engine; to propel; to send; as to throw stones or dust with the hand; a cannon throws a ball; a fire engine throws a stream of water to extinguish flames.; v. t.: To drive by violence; as a vessel or sailors may be thrown upon a rock.; v. t.: To cause to take a strategic position; as he threw a detachment of his army across the river.; v. t.: To overturn; to prostrate in wrestling; as a man throws his antagonist.; v. t.: To cast as dice; to venture at dice.; v. t.: To put on hastily; to spread carelessly.; v. t.: To divest or strip one's self of; to put off.; v. t.: To form or shape roughly on a throwing engine or potter's wheel as earthen vessels.; v. t.: To give forcible utterance to; to cast; to vent.; v. t.: To bring forth; to produce as young; to bear; -- said especially of rabbits.; v. t.: To twist two or more filaments of as silk so as to form one thread; to twist together as singles in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; -- sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver.; v. i.: To perform the act of throwing or casting; to cast; specifically to cast dice.; n.: The act of hurling or flinging; a driving or propelling from the hand or an engine; a cast.; n.: A stroke; a blow.; n.: The distance which a missile is or may be thrown; as a stone's throw.; n.: A cast of dice; the manner in which dice fall when cast; as a good throw.; n.: An effort; a violent sally.; n.: The extreme movement given to a sliding or vibrating reciprocating piece by a cam crank eccentric or the like; travel; stroke; as the throw of a slide valve. Also frequently the length of the radius of a crank or the eccentricity of an eccentric; as the throw of the crank of a steam engine is equal to half the stroke of the piston.; n.: A potter's wheel or table; a jigger. See 2d Jigger 2 (a).; n.: A turner's lathe; a throwe.; n.: The amount of vertical displacement produced by a fault; -- according to the direction it is designated as an upthrow or a downthrow.
Found on page(s): [36]

stature - stature, Definition(s): n.: The natural height of an animal body; -- generally used of the human body.
Found on page(s): [104]

obvious - obvious, Definition(s): a.: Opposing; fronting.; a.: Exposed; subject; open; liable.; a.: Easily discovered seen or understood; readily perceived by the eye or the intellect; plain; evident; apparent; as an obvious meaning; an obvious remark.
Found on page(s): [26]

thank - thank, Definition(s): n.: A expression of gratitude; an acknowledgment expressive of a sense of favor or kindness received; obligation claim or desert or gratitude; -- now generally used in the plural.; n.: To express gratitude to (anyone) for a favor; to make acknowledgments to (anyone) for kindness bestowed; -- used also ironically for blame.
Found on page(s): [102]

regain - regain, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain anew; to get again; to recover as what has escaped or been lost; to reach again.
Found on page(s): [3]

razed - razed, Definition(s): a.: Slashed or striped in patterns.
Found on page(s): [64]

haughty; - haughty;, Definition(s): superl.: High; lofty; bold.; superl.: Disdainfully or contemptuously proud; arrogant; overbearing.; superl.: Indicating haughtiness; as a haughty carriage.
Found on page(s): [45]

thy - thy, Definition(s): pron.: Of thee or belonging to thee; the more common form of thine possessive case of thou; -- used always attributively and chiefly in the solemn or grave style and in poetry. Thine is used in the predicate; as the knife is thine. See Thine.
Found on page(s): [102, 103, 106]

confront - confront, Definition(s): v. t.: To stand facing or in front of; to face; esp. to face hostilely; to oppose with firmness.; v. t.: To put face to face; to cause to face or to meet; as to confront one with the proofs of his wrong doing.; v. t.: To set in opposition for examination; to put in contrast; to compare.
Found on page(s): [54]

dexterity, - dexterity,, Definition(s): n.: Right-handedness.; n.: Readiness and grace in physical activity; skill and ease in using the hands; expertness in manual acts; as dexterity with the chisel.; n.: Readiness in the use or control of the mental powers; quickness and skill in managing any complicated or difficult affair; adroitness.
Found on page(s): [77]

dexterity. - dexterity., Definition(s): n.: Right-handedness.; n.: Readiness and grace in physical activity; skill and ease in using the hands; expertness in manual acts; as dexterity with the chisel.; n.: Readiness in the use or control of the mental powers; quickness and skill in managing any complicated or difficult affair; adroitness.
Found on page(s): [88]

faithful - faithful, Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [62, 69]

bondage - bondage, Definition(s): a.: The state of being bound; condition of being under restraint; restraint of personal liberty by compulsion; involuntary servitude; slavery; captivity.; a.: Obligation; tie of duty.; a.: Villenage; tenure of land on condition of doing the meanest services for the owner.
Found on page(s): [13]

courage, - courage,, Definition(s): n.: The heart; spirit; temper; disposition.; n.: Heart; inclination; desire; will.; n.: That quality of mind which enables one to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness or without fear or fainting of heart; valor; boldness; resolution.
Found on page(s): [28, 29, 40, 54, 59]

besides - besides, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; prep.: Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside prep. 3 and Syn. under Beside.
Found on page(s): [38]

serious - serious, Definition(s): a.: Grave in manner or disposition; earnest; thoughtful; solemn; not light gay or volatile.; a.: Really intending what is said; being in earnest; not jesting or deceiving.; a.: Important; weighty; not trifling; grave.; a.: Hence giving rise to apprehension; attended with danger; as a serious injury.
Found on page(s): [6]

pillage, - pillage,, Definition(s): n.: The act of pillaging; robbery.; n.: That which is taken from another or others by open force particularly and chiefly from enemies in war; plunder; spoil; booty.; v. i.: To strip of money or goods by open violence; to plunder; to spoil; to lay waste; as to pillage the camp of an enemy.; v. i.: To take spoil; to plunder; to ravage.
Found on page(s): [47]

"Thou - "Thou, Definition(s): obj.: The second personal pronoun in the singular number denoting the person addressed; thyself; the pronoun which is used in addressing persons in the solemn or poetical style.; v. t.: To address as thou esp. to do so in order to treat with insolent familiarity or contempt.; v. i.: To use the words thou and thee in discourse after the manner of the Friends.
Found on page(s): [105, 106]

courage. - courage., Definition(s): n.: The heart; spirit; temper; disposition.; n.: Heart; inclination; desire; will.; n.: That quality of mind which enables one to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness or without fear or fainting of heart; valor; boldness; resolution.
Found on page(s): [9]

laugh - laugh, Definition(s): v. i.: To show mirth satisfaction or derision by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face particularly of the mouth causing a lighting up of the face and eyes and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter.; v. i.: Fig.: To be or appear gay cheerful pleasant mirthful lively or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport.; v. t.: To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule.; v. t.: To express by or utter with laughter; -- with out.; n.: An expression of mirth peculiar to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter. See Laugh v. i.
Found on page(s): [106]

princedom - princedom, Definition(s): n.: The jurisdiction sovereignty rank or estate of a prince.
Found on page(s): [24, 63]

beset - beset, Definition(s): v. t.: To set or stud (anything) with ornaments or prominent objects.; v. t.: To hem in; to waylay; to surround; to besiege; to blockade.; v. t.: To set upon on all sides; to perplex; to harass; -- said of dangers obstacles etc.; v. t.: To occupy; to employ; to use up.
Found on page(s): [57]

gone - gone, Definition(s): : p. p. of Go.
Found on page(s): [4, 81, 106]

aside - aside, Definition(s): adv.: On or to one side; out of a straight line course or direction; at a little distance from the rest; out of the way; apart.; adv.: Out of one's thoughts; off; away; as to put aside gloomy thoughts.; adv.: So as to be heard by others; privately.; n.: Something spoken aside; as a remark made by a stageplayer which the other players are not supposed to hear.
Found on page(s): [61]

trust. - trust., Definition(s): n.: Assured resting of the mind on the integrity veracity justice friendship or other sound principle of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance.; n.: Credit given; especially delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as to sell or buy goods on trust.; n.: Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent as if present or actual; hope; belief.; n.: That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit.; n.: The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office.; n.: That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope.; n.: An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it or dispose of the profits at the will or for the benefit of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person who is termed the trustee for the benefit of another who is called the cestui que trust.; n.: An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities etc.; as a sugar trust.; a.: Held in trust; as trust property; trustmoney.; n.: To place confidence in; to rely on to confide or repose faith in; as we can not trust those who have deceived us.; n.: To give credence to; to believe; to credit.; n.: To hope confidently; to believe; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object.; n.: to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something.; n.: To commit as to one's care; to intrust.; n.: To give credit to; to sell to upon credit or in confidence of future payment; as merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods.; n.: To risk; to venture confidently.; v. i.: To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.; v. i.: To be confident as of something future; to hope.; v. i.: To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.
Found on page(s): [29]

cowardice - cowardice, Definition(s): n.: Want of courage to face danger; extreme timidity; pusillanimity; base fear of danger or hurt; lack of spirit.
Found on page(s): [62, 91, 105]

sank - sank, Definition(s): : imp. of Sink.; : of Sink.
Found on page(s): [41]

praetorian - praetorian, Definition(s): a.: See Pretorian.
Found on page(s): [58]

hat. - hat., Definition(s): a.: Hot.; : sing. pres. of Hote to be called. Cf.; n.: A covering for the head; esp. one with a crown and brim made of various materials and worn by men or women for protecting the head from the sun or weather or for ornament.
Found on page(s): [104]

raging - raging, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Rage v. i.
Found on page(s): [73]

malcontent - malcontent, Definition(s): a.: discontented; uneasy; dissatisfied; especially dissatisfied with the government.; n.: One who discontented; especially a discontented subject of a government; one who express his discontent by words or overt acts.
Found on page(s): [55]

ascent - ascent, Definition(s): : The act of rising; motion upward; rise; a mounting upward; as he made a tedious ascent; the ascent of vapors from the earth.; : The way or means by which one ascends.; : An eminence hill or high place.; : The degree of elevation of an object or the angle it makes with a horizontal line; inclination; rising grade; as a road has an ascent of five degrees.
Found on page(s): [97]

root - root, Definition(s): v. i.: To turn up the earth with the snout as swine.; v. i.: Hence to seek for favor or advancement by low arts or groveling servility; to fawn servilely.; v. t.: To turn up or to dig out with the snout; as the swine roots the earth.; n.: The underground portion of a plant whether a true root or a tuber a bulb or rootstock as in the potato the onion or the sweet flag.; n.: The descending and commonly branching axis of a plant increasing in length by growth at its extremity only not divided into joints leafless and without buds and having for its offices to fix the plant in the earth to supply it with moisture and soluble matters and sometimes to serve as a reservoir of nutriment for future growth. A true root however may never reach the ground but may be attached to a wall etc. as in the ivy or may hang loosely in the air as in some epiphytic orchids.; n.: An edible or esculent root especially of such plants as produce a single root as the beet carrot etc.; as the root crop.; n.: That which resembles a root in position or function esp. as a source of nourishment or support; that from which anything proceeds as if by growth or development; as the root of a tooth a nail a cancer and the like.; n.: An ancestor or progenitor; and hence an early race; a stem.; n.: A primitive form of speech; one of the earliest terms employed in language; a word from which other words are formed; a radix or radical.; n.: The cause or occasion by which anything is brought about; the source.; n.: That factor of a quantity which when multiplied into itself will produce that quantity; thus 3 is a root of 9 because 3 multiplied into itself produces 9; 3 is the cube root of 27.; n.: The fundamental tone of any chord; the tone from whose harmonics or overtones a chord is composed.; n.: The lowest place position or part.; n.: The time which to reckon in making calculations.; v. i.: To fix the root; to enter the earth as roots; to take root and begin to grow.; v. i.: To be firmly fixed; to be established.; v. t.: To plant and fix deeply in the earth or as in the earth; to implant firmly; hence to make deep or radical; to establish; -- used chiefly in the participle; as rooted trees or forests; rooted dislike.; v. t.: To tear up by the root; to eradicate; to extirpate; -- with up out or away.
Found on page(s): [68]

multiply - multiply, Definition(s): v. t.: To increase in number; to make more numerous; to add quantity to.; v. t.: To add (any given number or quantity) to itself a certain number of times; to find the product of by multiplication; thus 7 multiplied by 8 produces the number 56; to multiply two numbers. See the Note under Multiplication.; v. t.: To increase (the amount of gold or silver) by the arts of alchemy.; v. i.: To become greater in number; to become numerous.; v. i.: To increase in extent and influence; to spread.; v. i.: To increase amount of gold or silver by the arts of alchemy.
Found on page(s): [26]

resist. - resist., Definition(s): v. t.: To stand against; to withstand; to obstruct.; v. t.: To strive against; to endeavor to counteract defeat or frustrate; to act in opposition to; to oppose.; v. t.: To counteract as a force by inertia or reaction.; v. t.: To be distasteful to.; v. i.: To make opposition.; n.: A substance used to prevent a color or mordant from fixing on those parts to which it has been applied either by acting machanically in preventing the color etc. from reaching the cloth or chemically in changing the color so as to render it incapable of fixing itself in the fibers.. The pastes prepared for this purpose are called resist pastes.
Found on page(s): [63]

effeminacy - effeminacy, Definition(s): n.: Characteristic quality of a woman such as softness luxuriousness delicacy or weakness which is unbecoming a man; womanish delicacy or softness; -- used reproachfully of men.
Found on page(s): [60]

secretary, - secretary,, Definition(s): n.: One who keeps or is intrusted with secrets.; n.: A person employed to write orders letters dispatches public or private papers records and the like; an official scribe amanuensis or writer; one who attends to correspondence and transacts other business for an association a public body or an individual.; n.: An officer of state whose business is to superintend and manage the affairs of a particular department of government and who is usually a member of the cabinet or advisory council of the chief executive; as the secretary of state who conducts the correspondence and attends to the relations of a government with foreign courts; the secretary of the treasury who manages the department of finance; the secretary of war etc.; n.: A piece of furniture with conveniences for writing and for the arrangement of papers; an escritoire.; n.: The secretary bird.
Found on page(s): [81]

permit - permit, Definition(s): v. t.: To consent to; to allow or suffer to be done; to tolerate; to put up with.; v. t.: To grant (one) express license or liberty to do an act; to authorize; to give leave; -- followed by an infinitive.; v. t.: To give over; to resign; to leave; to commit.; v. i.: To grant permission; to allow.; n.: Warrant; license; leave; permission; specifically a written license or permission given to a person or persons having authority; as a permit to land goods subject to duty.
Found on page(s): [13, 14, 24, 45]

translation - translation, Definition(s): n.: The act of translating removing or transferring; removal; also the state of being translated or removed; as the translation of Enoch; the translation of a bishop.; n.: The act of rendering into another language; interpretation; as the translation of idioms is difficult.; n.: That which is obtained by translating something a version; as a translation of the Scriptures.; n.: A transfer of meaning in a word or phrase a metaphor; a tralation.; n.: Transfer of meaning by association; association of ideas.; n.: Motion in which all the points of the moving body have at any instant the same velocity and direction of motion; -- opposed to rotation.
Found on page(s): [18]

handling - handling, Definition(s): n.: A touching controlling managing using etc. with the hand or hands or as with the hands. See Handle v. t.; v. t.: The mode of using the pencil or brush etc.; style of touch.
Found on page(s): [40, 47]

Mary, - Mary,, Definition(s): n.: Marrow.; interj.: See Marry.
Found on page(s): [71]

taking - taking, Definition(s): a.: Apt to take; alluring; attracting.; a.: Infectious; contageous.; n.: The act of gaining possession; a seizing; seizure; apprehension.; n.: Agitation; excitement; distress of mind.; n.: Malign influence; infection.
Found on page(s): [6, 9, 19, 30, 38, 40, 49, 60, 87, 96]

honest. - honest., Definition(s): a.: Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming.; a.: Characterized by integrity or fairness and straight/forwardness in conduct thought speech etc.; upright; just; equitable; trustworthy; truthful; sincere; free from fraud guile or duplicity; not false; -- said of persons and acts and of things to which a moral quality is imputed; as an honest judge or merchant; an honest statement; an honest bargain; an honest business; an honest book; an honest confession.; a.: Open; frank; as an honest countenance.; a.: Chaste; faithful; virtuous.; a.: To adorn; to grace; to honor; to make becoming appropriate or honorable.
Found on page(s): [69]

greatness, - greatness,, Definition(s): n.: The state condition or quality of being great; as greatness of size greatness of mind power etc.; n.: Pride; haughtiness.
Found on page(s): [35, 54]

honest, - honest,, Definition(s): a.: Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming.; a.: Characterized by integrity or fairness and straight/forwardness in conduct thought speech etc.; upright; just; equitable; trustworthy; truthful; sincere; free from fraud guile or duplicity; not false; -- said of persons and acts and of things to which a moral quality is imputed; as an honest judge or merchant; an honest statement; an honest bargain; an honest business; an honest book; an honest confession.; a.: Open; frank; as an honest countenance.; a.: Chaste; faithful; virtuous.; a.: To adorn; to grace; to honor; to make becoming appropriate or honorable.
Found on page(s): [53]

greatness. - greatness., Definition(s): n.: The state condition or quality of being great; as greatness of size greatness of mind power etc.; n.: Pride; haughtiness.
Found on page(s): [1, 10]

observance - observance, Definition(s): n.: The act or practice of observing or noticing with attention; a heeding or keeping with care; performance; -- usually with a sense of strictness and fidelity; as the observance of the Sabbath is general; the strict observance of duties.; n.: An act ceremony or rite as of worship or respect; especially a customary act or service of attention; a form; a practice; a rite; a custom.; n.: Servile attention; sycophancy.
Found on page(s): [51]

Moses; - Moses;, Definition(s): n.: A large flatboat used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.
Found on page(s): [76]

conspiracy. - conspiracy., Definition(s): n.: A combination of men for an evil purpose; an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime in concert as treason; a plot.; n.: A concurence or general tendency as of circumstances to one event as if by agreement.; n.: An agreement manifesting itself in words or deeds by which two or more persons confederate to do an unlawful act or to use unlawful to do an act which is lawful; confederacy.
Found on page(s): [56]

conspiracy, - conspiracy,, Definition(s): n.: A combination of men for an evil purpose; an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime in concert as treason; a plot.; n.: A concurence or general tendency as of circumstances to one event as if by agreement.; n.: An agreement manifesting itself in words or deeds by which two or more persons confederate to do an unlawful act or to use unlawful to do an act which is lawful; confederacy.
Found on page(s): [99]

incensed - incensed, Definition(s): a.: Angered; enraged.; a.: Represented as enraged as any wild creature depicted with fire issuing from mouth and eyes.
Found on page(s): [103]

experiment - experiment, Definition(s): n.: Atrial or special observation made to confirm or disprove something doubtful; esp. one under conditions determined by the experimenter; an act or operation undertaken in order to discover some unknown principle or effect or to test establish or illustrate some suggest or known truth; practical test; poof.; n.: Experience.; v. t.: To make experiment; to operate by test or trial; -- often with on upon or in referring to the subject of an experiment; with referring to the instrument; and by referring to the means; as to experiment upon electricity; he experimented in plowing with ponies or by steam power.; v. t.: To try; to know perceive or prove by trial experience.
Found on page(s): [29]

executor - executor, Definition(s): n.: One who executes or performs; a doer; as an executor of baseness.; n.: An executioner.; n.: The person appointed by a testator to execute his will or to see its provisions carried into effect after his decease.
Found on page(s): [15]

struck - struck, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Strike.
Found on page(s): [98, 106]

Moses, - Moses,, Definition(s): n.: A large flatboat used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.
Found on page(s): [15, 16]

block - block, Definition(s): v. t.: A piece of wood more or less bulky; a solid mass of wood stone etc. usually with one or more plane or approximately plane faces; as a block on which a butcher chops his meat; a block by which to mount a horse; children's playing blocks etc.; v. t.: The solid piece of wood on which condemned persons lay their necks when they are beheaded.; v. t.: The wooden mold on which hats bonnets etc. are shaped.; v. t.: The pattern or shape of a hat.; v. t.: A large or long building divided into separate houses or shops or a number of houses or shops built in contact with each other so as to form one building; a row of houses or shops.; v. t.: A square or portion of a city inclosed by streets whether occupied by buildings or not.; v. t.: A grooved pulley or sheave incased in a frame or shell which is provided with a hook eye or strap by which it may be attached to an object. It is used to change the direction of motion as in raising a heavy object that can not be conveniently reached and also when two or more such sheaves are compounded to change the rate of motion or to exert increased force; -- used especially in the rigging of ships and in tackles.; v. t.: The perch on which a bird of prey is kept.; v. t.: Any obstruction or cause of obstruction; a stop; a hindrance; an obstacle; as a block in the way.; v. t.: A piece of box or other wood for engravers' work.; v. t.: A piece of hard wood (as mahogany or cherry) on which a stereotype or electrotype plate is mounted to make it type high.; v. t.: A blockhead; a stupid fellow; a dolt.; v. t.: A section of a railroad where the block system is used. See Block system below.; n.: To obstruct so as to prevent passage or progress; to prevent passage from through or into by obstructing the way; -- used both of persons and things; -- often followed by up; as to block up a road or harbor.; n.: To secure or support by means of blocks; to secure as two boards at their angles of intersection by pieces of wood glued to each.; n.: To shape on or stamp with a block; as to block a hat.
Found on page(s): [20]

hate - hate, Definition(s): n.: To have a great aversion to with a strong desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike intensely; to detest; as to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy.; n.: To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive or a substantive clause with that; as to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything should be wasted.; n.: To love less relatively.; v.: Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward things intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
Found on page(s): [64]

Greece, - Greece,, Definition(s): n. pl.: See Gree a step.
Found on page(s): [5, 12, 17, 28, 39, 66]

greatness; - greatness;, Definition(s): n.: The state condition or quality of being great; as greatness of size greatness of mind power etc.; n.: Pride; haughtiness.
Found on page(s): [77]

esteem, - esteem,, Definition(s): v. t.: To set a value on; to appreciate the worth of; to estimate; to value; to reckon.; v. t.: To set a high value on; to prize; to regard with reverence respect or friendship.; v. i.: To form an estimate; to have regard to the value; to consider.; v. t.: Estimation; opinion of merit or value; hence valuation; reckoning; price.; v. t.: High estimation or value; great regard; favorable opinion founded on supposed worth.
Found on page(s): [68]

went - went, Definition(s): : of Wend.; : imp. & p. p. of Wend; -- now obsolete except as the imperfect of go with which it has no etymological connection. See Go.; n.: Course; way; path; journey; direction.
Found on page(s): [25, 37, 66, 75, 82, 84, 86, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 95, 99, 104, 105]

addition, - addition,, Definition(s): n.: The act of adding two or more things together; -- opposed to subtraction or diminution.; n.: Anything added; increase; augmentation; as a piazza is an addition to a building.; n.: That part of arithmetic which treats of adding numbers.; n.: A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half.; n.: A title annexed to a man's name to identify him more precisely; as John Doe Esq.; Richard Roe Gent.; Robert Dale Mason; Thomas Way of New York; a mark of distinction; a title.; n.: Something added to a coat of arms as a mark of honor; -- opposed to abatement.
Found on page(s): [51]

Guelph - Guelph, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [63, 89, 91, 92, 96, 98, 99]

distant - distant, Definition(s): a.: Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.; a.: Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place time consanguinity or connection; as distant times; distant relatives.; a.: Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty; as a distant manner.; a.: Indistinct; faint; obscure as from distance.; a.: Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant; as a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
Found on page(s): [29, 44, 83]

felicity - felicity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being happy; blessedness; blissfulness; enjoyment of good.; n.: That which promotes happiness; a successful or gratifying event; prosperity; blessing.; n.: A pleasing faculty or accomplishment; as felicity in painting portraits or in writing or talking.
Found on page(s): [35]

hast - hast, Definition(s): : of Have.
Found on page(s): [102, 103, 106]

propose - propose, Definition(s): v.: To set forth.; v.: To offer for consideration discussion acceptance or adoption; as to propose terms of peace; to propose a question for discussion; to propose an alliance; to propose a person for office.; v.: To set before one's self or others as a purpose formed; hence to purpose; to intend.; v. i.: To speak; to converse.; v. i.: To form or declare a purpose or intention; to lay a scheme; to design; as man proposes but God disposes.; v. i.: To offer one's self in marriage.; n.: Talk; discourse.
Found on page(s): [82]

reformed - reformed, Definition(s): a.: Corrected; amended; restored to purity or excellence; said specifically of the whole body of Protestant churches originating in the Reformation. Also in a more restricted sense of those who separated from Luther on the doctrine of consubstantiation etc. and carried the Reformation as they claimed to a higher point. The Protestant churches founded by them in Switzerland France Holland and part of Germany were called the Reformed churches.; a.: Amended in character and life; as a reformed gambler or drunkard.; a.: Retained in service on half or full pay after the disbandment of the company or troop; -- said of an officer.
Found on page(s): [89]

esteem; - esteem;, Definition(s): v. t.: To set a value on; to appreciate the worth of; to estimate; to value; to reckon.; v. t.: To set a high value on; to prize; to regard with reverence respect or friendship.; v. i.: To form an estimate; to have regard to the value; to consider.; v. t.: Estimation; opinion of merit or value; hence valuation; reckoning; price.; v. t.: High estimation or value; great regard; favorable opinion founded on supposed worth.
Found on page(s): [56]

sack, - sack,, Definition(s): n.: A name formerly given to various dry Spanish wines.; n.: A bag for holding and carrying goods of any kind; a receptacle made of some kind of pliable material as cloth leather and the like; a large pouch.; n.: A measure of varying capacity according to local usage and the substance. The American sack of salt is 215 pounds; the sack of wheat two bushels.; n.: Originally a loosely hanging garment for women worn like a cloak about the shoulders and serving as a decorative appendage to the gown; now an outer garment with sleeves worn by women; as a dressing sack.; n.: A sack coat; a kind of coat worn by men and extending from top to bottom without a cross seam.; n.: See 2d Sac 2.; n.: Bed.; v. t.: To put in a sack; to bag; as to sack corn.; v. t.: To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders.; n.: The pillage or plunder as of a town or city; the storm and plunder of a town; devastation; ravage.; v. t.: To plunder or pillage as a town or city; to devastate; to ravage.
Found on page(s): [47]

captive. - captive., Definition(s): n.: A prisoner taken by force or stratagem esp. by an enemy in war; one kept in bondage or in the power of another.; n.: One charmed or subdued by beaty excellence or affection; one who is captivated.; a.: Made prisoner especially in war; held in bondage or in confinement.; a.: Subdued by love; charmed; captivated.; a.: Of or pertaining to bondage or confinement; serving to confine; as captive chains; captive hours.; v. t.: To take prisoner; to capture.
Found on page(s): [39]

successor - successor, Definition(s): n.: One who succeeds or follows; one who takes the place which another has left and sustains the like part or character; -- correlative to predecessor; as the successor of a deceased king.
Found on page(s): [21]

admirable; - admirable;, Definition(s): a.: Fitted to excite wonder; wonderful; marvelous.; a.: Having qualities to excite wonder united with approbation; deserving the highest praise; most excellent; -- used of persons or things.
Found on page(s): [15]

horseback, - horseback,, Definition(s): n.: The back of a horse.; n.: An extended ridge of sand gravel and bowlders in a half-stratified condition.
Found on page(s): [25, 84]

inexperience - inexperience, Definition(s): n.: Absence or want of experience; lack of personal and experimental knowledge; as the inexperience of youth.
Found on page(s): [57]

solemnly - solemnly, Definition(s): adv.: In a solemn manner; with gravity; seriously; formally.
Found on page(s): [92]

matter - matter, Definition(s): n.: That of which anything is composed; constituent substance; material; the material or substantial part of anything; the constituent elements of conception; that into which a notion may be analyzed; the essence; the pith; the embodiment.; n.: That of which the sensible universe and all existent bodies are composed; anything which has extension occupies space or is perceptible by the senses; body; substance.; n.: That with regard to or about which anything takes place or is done; the thing aimed at treated of or treated; subject of action discussion consideration feeling complaint legal action or the like; theme.; n.: That which one has to treat or with which one has to do; concern; affair; business.; n.: Affair worthy of account; thing of consequence; importance; significance; moment; -- chiefly in the phrases what matter ? no matter and the like.; n.: Inducing cause or occasion especially of anything disagreeable or distressing; difficulty; trouble.; n.: Amount; quantity; portion; space; -- often indefinite.; n.: Substance excreted from living animal bodies; that which is thrown out or discharged in a tumor boil or abscess; pus; purulent substance.; n.: That which is permanent or is supposed to be given and in or upon which changes are effected by psychological or physical processes and relations; -- opposed to form.; n.: Written manuscript or anything to be set in type; copy; also type set up and ready to be used or which has been used in printing.; v. i.: To be of importance; to import; to signify.; v. i.: To form pus or matter as an abscess; to maturate.; v. t.: To regard as important; to take account of; to care for.
Found on page(s): [1, 16, 31, 44, 55, 57, 62, 64]

defeat, - defeat,, Definition(s): v. t.: To undo; to disfigure; to destroy.; v. t.: To render null and void as a title; to frustrate as hope; to deprive as of an estate.; v. t.: To overcome or vanquish as an army; to check disperse or ruin by victory; to overthrow.; v. t.: To resist with success; as to defeat an assault.; v.: An undoing or annulling; destruction.; v.: Frustration by rendering null and void or by prevention of success; as the defeat of a plan or design.; v.: An overthrow as of an army in battle; loss of a battle; repulse suffered; discomfiture; -- opposed to victory.
Found on page(s): [44, 103]

cautiously, - cautiously,, Definition(s): adv.: In a cautious manner.
Found on page(s): [75]

chill, - chill,, Definition(s): n.: A moderate but disagreeable degree of cold; a disagreeable sensation of coolness accompanied with shivering.; n.: A sensation of cold with convulsive shaking of the body pinched face pale skin and blue lips caused by undue cooling of the body or by nervous excitement or forming the precursor of some constitutional disturbance as of a fever.; n.: A check to enthusiasm or warmth of feeling; discouragement; as a chill comes over an assembly.; n.: An iron mold or portion of a mold serving to cool rapidly and so to harden the surface of molten iron brought in contact with it.; n.: The hardened part of a casting as the tread of a car wheel.; a.: Moderately cold; tending to cause shivering; chilly; raw.; a.: Affected by cold.; a.: Characterized by coolness of manner feeling etc.; lacking enthusiasm or warmth; formal; distant; as a chill reception.; a.: Discouraging; depressing; dispiriting.; v. t.: To strike with a chill; to make chilly; to cause to shiver; to affect with cold.; v. t.: To check enthusiasm or warmth of feeling of; to depress; to discourage.; v. t.: To produce by sudden cooling a change of crystallization at or near the surface of so as to increase the hardness; said of cast iron.; v. i.: To become surface-hardened by sudden cooling while solidifying; as some kinds of cast iron chill to a greater depth than others.
Found on page(s): [102]

Notwithstanding - Notwithstanding, Definition(s): prep.: Without prevention or obstruction from or by; in spite of.; adv. / conj.: Nevertheless; however; although; as I shall go notwithstanding it rains.
Found on page(s): [64, 81]

gain, - gain,, Definition(s): n.: A square or beveled notch cut out of a girder binding joist or other timber which supports a floor beam so as to receive the end of the floor beam.; a.: Convenient; suitable; direct; near; handy; dexterous; easy; profitable; cheap; respectable.; v. t.: That which is gained obtained or acquired as increase profit advantage or benefit; -- opposed to loss.; v. t.: The obtaining or amassing of profit or valuable possessions; acquisition; accumulation.; n.: To get as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as to gain a good living.; n.: To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition; as to gain a battle; to gain a case at law; to gain a prize.; n.: To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.; n.: To reach; to attain to; to arrive at; as to gain the top of a mountain; to gain a good harbor.; n.: To get incur or receive as loss harm or damage.; v. i.: To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest health or happiness; to make progress; as the sick man gains daily.
Found on page(s): [37]

expedition, - expedition,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being expedite; efficient promptness; haste; dispatch; speed; quickness; as to carry the mail with expedition.; n.: A sending forth or setting forth the execution of some object of consequence; progress.; n.: An important enterprise implying a change of place; especially a warlike enterprise; a march or a voyage with martial intentions; an excursion by a body of persons for a valuable end; as a military naval exploring or scientific expedition; also the body of persons making such excursion.
Found on page(s): [88]

saw, - saw,, Definition(s): : imp. of See.; v. t.: Something said; speech; discourse.; v. t.: A saying; a proverb; a maxim.; v. t.: Dictate; command; decree.; n.: An instrument for cutting or dividing substances as wood iron etc. consisting of a thin blade or plate of steel with a series of sharp teeth on the edge which remove successive portions of the material by cutting and tearing.; v. t.: To cut with a saw; to separate with a saw; as to saw timber or marble.; v. t.: To form by cutting with a saw; as to saw boards or planks that is to saw logs or timber into boards or planks; to saw shingles; to saw out a panel.; v. t.: Also used figuratively; as to saw the air.; v. i.: To use a saw; to practice sawing; as a man saws well.; v. i.: To cut as a saw; as the saw or mill saws fast.; v. i.: To be cut with a saw; as the timber saws smoothly.
Found on page(s): [63]

philosopher: - philosopher:, Definition(s): n.: One who philosophizes; one versed in or devoted to philosophy.; n.: One who reduces the principles of philosophy to practice in the conduct of life; one who lives according to the rules of practical wisdom; one who meets or regards all vicissitudes with calmness.; n.: An alchemist.
Found on page(s): [105]

noise - noise, Definition(s): n.: Sound of any kind.; n.: Especially loud confused or senseless sound; clamor; din.; n.: Loud or continuous talk; general talk or discussion; rumor; report.; n.: Music in general; a concert; also a company of musicians; a band.; v. i.: To sound; to make a noise.; v. t.: To spread by rumor or report.; v. t.: To disturb with noise.
Found on page(s): [97, 100]

avail - avail, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn to the advantage of; to be of service to; to profit; to benefit; to help; as artifices will not avail the sinner in the day of judgment.; v. t.: To promote; to assist.; v. i.: To be of use or advantage; to answer the purpose; to have strength force or efficacy sufficient to accomplish the object; as the plea in bar must avail that is be sufficient to defeat the suit; this scheme will not avail; medicines will not avail to check the disease.; n.: Profit; advantage toward success; benefit; value; as labor without economy is of little avail.; n.: Proceeds; as the avails of a sale by auction.; v. t. & i.: See Avale v.
Found on page(s): [50, 73]

famous - famous, Definition(s): a.: Celebrated in fame or public report; renowned; mach talked of; distinguished in story; -- used in either a good or a bad sense chiefly the former; often followed by for; as famous for erudition for eloquence for military skill; a famous pirate.
Found on page(s): [37, 38, 44]

contented - contented, Definition(s): a.: Content; easy in mind; satisfied; quiet; willing.
Found on page(s): [64, 103]

lover - lover, Definition(s): n.: One who loves; one who is in love; -- usually limited in the singular to a person of the male sex.; n.: A friend; one strongly attached to another; one who greatly desires the welfare of any person or thing; as a lover of his country.; n.: One who has a strong liking for anything as books science or music.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [76, 104]

spirit - spirit, Definition(s): n.: Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence sometimes life itself.; n.: A rough breathing; an aspirate as the letter h; also a mark to denote aspiration; a breathing.; n.: Life or living substance considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence force or energy as distinct from matter.; n.: The intelligent immaterial and immortal part of man; the soul in distinction from the body in which it resides; the agent or subject of vital and spiritual functions whether spiritual or material.; n.: Specifically a disembodied soul; the human soul after it has left the body.; n.: Any supernatural being good or bad; an apparition; a specter; a ghost; also sometimes a sprite; a fairy; an elf.; n.: Energy vivacity ardor enthusiasm courage etc.; n.: One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper; as a ruling spirit; a schismatic spirit.; n.: Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state; -- often in the plural; as to be cheerful or in good spirits; to be downhearted or in bad spirits.; n.: Intent; real meaning; -- opposed to the letter or to formal statement; also characteristic quality especially such as is derived from the individual genius or the personal character; as the spirit of an enterprise of a document or the like.; n.: Tenuous volatile airy or vapory substance possessed of active qualities.; n.: Any liquid produced by distillation; especially alcohol the spirits or spirit of wine (it having been first distilled from wine): -- often in the plural.; n.: Rum whisky brandy gin and other distilled liquors having much alcohol in distinction from wine and malt liquors.; n.: A solution in alcohol of a volatile principle. Cf. Tincture.; n.: Any one of the four substances sulphur sal ammoniac quicksilver or arsenic (or according to some orpiment).; n.: Stannic chloride. See under Stannic.; v. t.: To animate with vigor; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit; as civil dissensions often spirit the ambition of private men; -- sometimes followed by up.; v. t.: To convey rapidly and secretly or mysteriously as if by the agency of a spirit; to kidnap; -- often with away or off.
Found on page(s): [2, 22, 74]

wishing - wishing, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Wish v. t.
Found on page(s): [5, 8, 9, 18, 19, 20, 27, 39, 44, 45, 46, 50, 58, 86, 92, 97]

produce - produce, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward; to lead forth; to offer to view or notice; to exhibit; to show; as to produce a witness or evidence in court.; v. t.: To bring forth as young or as a natural product or growth; to give birth to; to bear; to generate; to propagate; to yield; to furnish; as the earth produces grass; trees produce fruit; the clouds produce rain.; v. t.: To cause to be or to happen; to originate as an effect or result; to bring about; as disease produces pain; vice produces misery.; v. t.: To give being or form to; to manufacture; to make; as a manufacturer produces excellent wares.; v. t.: To yield or furnish; to gain; as money at interest produces an income; capital produces profit.; v. t.: To draw out; to extend; to lengthen; to prolong; as to produce a man's life to threescore.; v. t.: To extend; -- applied to a line surface or solid; as to produce a side of a triangle.; v. i.: To yield or furnish appropriate offspring crops effects consequences or results.; n.: agricultural products.
Found on page(s): [49]

regard - regard, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon.; v. t.: Hence to look or front toward; to face.; v. t.: To look closely at; to observe attentively; to pay attention to; to notice or remark particularly.; v. t.: To look upon as in a certain relation; to hold as an popinion; to consider; as to regard abstinence from wine as a duty; to regard another as a friend or enemy.; v. t.: To consider and treat; to have a certain feeling toward; as to regard one with favor or dislike.; v. t.: To pay respect to; to treat as something of peculiar value sanctity or the like; to care for; to esteem.; v. t.: To take into consideration; to take account of as a fact or condition.; v. t.: To have relation to as bearing upon; to respect; to relate to; to touch; as an argument does not regard the question; -- often used impersonally; as I agree with you as regards this or that.; v. i.: To look attentively; to consider; to notice.; v. t.: A look; aspect directed to another; view; gaze.; v. t.: Attention of the mind with a feeling of interest; observation; heed; notice.; v. t.: That view of the mind which springs from perception of value estimable qualities or anything that excites admiration; respect; esteem; reverence; affection; as to have a high regard for a person; -- often in the plural.; v. t.: State of being regarded whether favorably or otherwise; estimation; repute; note; account.; v. t.: Consideration; thought; reflection; heed.; v. t.: Matter for consideration; account; condition.; v. t.: Respect; relation; reference.; v. t.: Object of sight; scene; view; aspect.; v. t.: Supervision; inspection.
Found on page(s): [1, 7, 61, 72]

Madonna - Madonna, Definition(s): n.: My lady; -- a term of address in Italian formerly used as the equivalent of Madame but for which Signora is now substituted. Sometimes introduced into English.; n.: A picture of the Virgin Mary (usually with the babe).
Found on page(s): [86, 87]

rose - rose, Definition(s): : imp. of Rise.; n.: A knot of ribbon formed like a rose; a rose knot; a rosette esp. one worn on a shoe.; n.: A rose window. See Rose window below.; n.: A perforated nozzle as of a pipe spout etc. for delivering water in fine jets; a rosehead; also a strainer at the foot of a pump.; n.: The erysipelas.; n.: The card of the mariner's compass; also a circular card with radiating lines used in other instruments.; n.: The color of a rose; rose-red; pink.; n.: A diamond. See Rose diamond below.; v. t.: To render rose-colored; to redden; to flush.; v. t.: To perfume as with roses.
Found on page(s): [16, 18, 24, 25, 55]

thousand - thousand, Definition(s): n.: The number of ten hundred; a collection or sum consisting of ten times one hundred units or objects.; n.: Hence indefinitely a great number.; n.: A symbol representing one thousand units; as 1000 M or CI/.; a.: Consisting of ten hundred; being ten times one hundred.; a.: Hence consisting of a great number indefinitely.
Found on page(s): [18, 24, 38, 39, 61, 75, 81, 83, 84, 91, 93, 96, 98, 99, 100, 102, 103]

conspiracy; - conspiracy;, Definition(s): n.: A combination of men for an evil purpose; an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime in concert as treason; a plot.; n.: A concurence or general tendency as of circumstances to one event as if by agreement.; n.: An agreement manifesting itself in words or deeds by which two or more persons confederate to do an unlawful act or to use unlawful to do an act which is lawful; confederacy.
Found on page(s): [54]

territory. - territory., Definition(s): n.: A large extent or tract of land; a region; a country; a district.; n.: The extent of land belonging to or under the dominion of a prince state or other form of government; often a tract of land lying at a distance from the parent country or from the seat of government; as the territory of a State; the territories of the East India Company.; n.: In the United States a portion of the country not included within the limits of any State and not yet admitted as a State into the Union but organized with a separate legislature under a Territorial governor and other officers appointed by the President and Senate of the United States. In Canada a similarly organized portion of the country not yet formed into a Province.
Found on page(s): [32]

heard, - heard,, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hear.
Found on page(s): [102]

minor - minor, Definition(s): a.: Inferior in bulk degree importance etc.; less; smaller; of little account; as minor divisions of a body.; a.: Less by a semitone in interval or difference of pitch; as a minor third.; n.: A person of either sex who has not attained the age at which full civil rights are accorded; an infant; in England and the United States one under twenty-one years of age.; n.: The minor term that is the subject of the conclusion; also the minor premise that is that premise which contains the minor term; in hypothetical syllogisms the categorical premise. It is the second proposition of a regular syllogism as in the following: Every act of injustice partakes of meanness; to take money from another by gaming is an act of injustice; therefore the taking of money from another by gaming partakes of meanness.; n.: A Minorite; a Franciscan friar.
Found on page(s): [7, 9]

territory, - territory,, Definition(s): n.: A large extent or tract of land; a region; a country; a district.; n.: The extent of land belonging to or under the dominion of a prince state or other form of government; often a tract of land lying at a distance from the parent country or from the seat of government; as the territory of a State; the territories of the East India Company.; n.: In the United States a portion of the country not included within the limits of any State and not yet admitted as a State into the Union but organized with a separate legislature under a Territorial governor and other officers appointed by the President and Senate of the United States. In Canada a similarly organized portion of the country not yet formed into a Province.
Found on page(s): [36, 38]

bow-shot, - bow-shot,, Definition(s): n.: The distance traversed by an arrow shot from a bow.
Found on page(s): [83]

hostile - hostile, Definition(s): a.: Belonging or appropriate to an enemy; showing the disposition of an enemy; showing ill will and malevolence or a desire to thwart and injure; occupied by an enemy or enemies; inimical; unfriendly; as a hostile force; hostile intentions; a hostile country; hostile to a sudden change.; n.: An enemy; esp. an American Indian in arms against the whites; -- commonly in the plural.
Found on page(s): [16, 21, 27, 28, 32, 56, 59, 82, 85, 89, 90, 97]

durable, - durable,, Definition(s): a.: Able to endure or continue in a particular condition; lasting; not perishable or changeable; not wearing out or decaying soon; enduring; as durable cloth; durable happiness.
Found on page(s): [5]

pray - pray, Definition(s): n. & v.: See Pry.; v. i.: To make request with earnestness or zeal as for something desired; to make entreaty or supplication; to offer prayer to a deity or divine being as a religious act; specifically to address the Supreme Being with adoration confession supplication and thanksgiving.; v. t.: To address earnest request to; to supplicate; to entreat; to implore; to beseech.; v. t.: To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for.; v. t.: To effect or accomplish by praying; as to pray a soul out of purgatory.
Found on page(s): [106]

durable. - durable., Definition(s): a.: Able to endure or continue in a particular condition; lasting; not perishable or changeable; not wearing out or decaying soon; enduring; as durable cloth; durable happiness.
Found on page(s): [50]

abject - abject, Definition(s): a.: Cast down; low-lying.; a.: Sunk to a law condition; down in spirit or hope; degraded; servile; groveling; despicable; as abject posture fortune thoughts.; a.: To cast off or down; hence to abase; to degrade; to lower; to debase.; n.: A person in the lowest and most despicable condition; a castaway.
Found on page(s): [23]

usurper, - usurper,, Definition(s): n.: One who usurps; especially one who seizes illegally on sovereign power; as the usurper of a throne of power or of the rights of a patron.
Found on page(s): [3]

ambitious - ambitious, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or controlled by ambition; greatly or inordinately desirous of power honor office superiority or distinction.; a.: Strongly desirous; -- followed by of or the infinitive; as ambitious to be or to do something.; a.: Springing from characterized by or indicating ambition; showy; aspiring; as an ambitious style.
Found on page(s): [9, 28]

raise - raise, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to rise; to bring from a lower to a higher place; to lift upward; to elevate; to heave; as to raise a stone or weight.; v. t.: To bring to a higher condition or situation; to elevate in rank dignity and the like; to increase the value or estimation of; to promote; to exalt; to advance; to enhance; as to raise from a low estate; to raise to office; to raise the price and the like.; v. t.: To increase the strength vigor or vehemence of; to excite; to intensify; to invigorate; to heighten; as to raise the pulse; to raise the voice; to raise the spirits or the courage; to raise the heat of a furnace.; v. t.: To elevate in degree according to some scale; as to raise the pitch of the voice; to raise the temperature of a room.; v. t.: To cause to rise up or assume an erect position or posture; to set up; to make upright; as to raise a mast or flagstaff.; v. t.: To cause to spring up from a recumbent position from a state of quiet or the like; to awaken; to arouse.; v. t.: To rouse to action; to stir up; to incite to tumult struggle or war; to excite.; v. t.: To bring up from the lower world; to call up as a spirit from the world of spirits; to recall from death; to give life to.; v. t.: To cause to arise grow up or come into being or to appear; to give rise to; to originate produce cause effect or the like.; v. t.: To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect; as to raise a lofty structure a wall a heap of stones.; v. t.: To bring together; to collect; to levy; to get together or obtain for use or service; as to raise money troops and the like.; v. t.: To cause to grow; to procure to be produced bred or propagated; to grow; as to raise corn barley hops etc.; toraise cattle.; v. t.: To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise come forth or appear; -- often with up.; v. t.: To give rise to; to set agoing; to occasion; to start; to originate; as to raise a smile or a blush.; v. t.: To give vent or utterance to; to utter; to strike up.; v. t.: To bring to notice; to submit for consideration; as to raise a point of order; to raise an objection.; v. t.: To cause to rise as by the effect of leaven; to make light and spongy as bread.; v. t.: To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it; as to raise Sandy Hook light.; v. t.: To let go; as in the command Raise tacks and sheets i. e. Let go tacks and sheets.; v. t.: To create or constitute; as to raise a use that is to create it.
Found on page(s): [4, 30, 76, 93]

quite - quite, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: See Quit.; a.: Completely; wholly; entirely; totally; perfectly; as the work is not quite done; the object is quite accomplished; to be quite mistaken.; a.: To a great extent or degree; very; very much; considerably.
Found on page(s): [10, 30, 35, 49, 57, 62, 87, 101]

tower - tower, Definition(s): n.: A mass of building standing alone and insulated usually higher than its diameter but when of great size not always of that proportion.; n.: A projection from a line of wall as a fortification for purposes of defense as a flanker either or the same height as the curtain wall or higher.; n.: A structure appended to a larger edifice for a special purpose as for a belfry and then usually high in proportion to its width and to the height of the rest of the edifice; as a church tower.; n.: A citadel; a fortress; hence a defense.; n.: A headdress of a high or towerlike form fashionable about the end of the seventeenth century and until 1715; also any high headdress.; n.: High flight; elevation.; v. i.: To rise and overtop other objects; to be lofty or very high; hence to soar.; v. t.: To soar into.
Found on page(s): [89, 107]

quit; - quit;, Definition(s): n.: Any one of numerous species of small passerine birds native of tropical America. See Banana quit under Banana and Guitguit.; v.: Released from obligation charge penalty etc.; free; clear; absolved; acquitted.; a.: To set at rest; to free as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.; a.: To release from obligation accusation penalty or the like; to absolve; to acquit.; a.: To discharge as an obligation or duty; to meet and satisfy as a claim or debt; to make payment for or of; to requite; to repay.; a.: To meet the claims upon or expectations entertained of; to conduct; to acquit; -- used reflexively.; a.: To carry through; to go through to the end.; a.: To have done with; to cease from; to stop; hence to depart from; to leave; to forsake; as to quit work; to quit the place; to quit jesting.; v. i.: To away; to depart; to stop doing a thing; to cease.
Found on page(s): [39]

Nevertheless, - Nevertheless,, Definition(s): adv. / conj.: Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Found on page(s): [14, 23, 24, 32, 45, 59, 73]

lay - lay, Definition(s): imp.: of Lie to recline.; a.: Of or pertaining to the laity as distinct from the clergy; as a lay person; a lay preacher; a lay brother.; a.: Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.; a.: Not belonging to or emanating from a particular profession; unprofessional; as a lay opinion regarding the nature of a disease.; n.: The laity; the common people.; n.: A meadow. See Lea.; n.: Faith; creed; religious profession.; n.: A law.; n.: An obligation; a vow.; a.: A song; a simple lyrical poem; a ballad.; a.: A melody; any musical utterance.; v. t.: To cause to lie down to be prostrate or to lie against something; to put or set down; to deposit; as to lay a book on the table; to lay a body in the grave; a shower lays the dust.; v. t.: To place in position; to establish firmly; to arrange with regularity; to dispose in ranks or tiers; as to lay a corner stone; to lay bricks in a wall; to lay the covers on a table.; v. t.: To prepare; to make ready; to contrive; to provide; as to lay a snare an ambush or a plan.; v. t.: To spread on a surface; as to lay plaster or paint.; v. t.: To cause to be still; to calm; to allay; to suppress; to exorcise as an evil spirit.; v. t.: To cause to lie dead or dying.; v. t.: To deposit as a wager; to stake; to risk.; v. t.: To bring forth and deposit; as to lay eggs.; v. t.: To apply; to put.; v. t.: To impose as a burden suffering or punishment; to assess as a tax; as to lay a tax on land.; v. t.: To impute; to charge; to allege.; v. t.: To impose as a command or a duty; as to lay commands on one.; v. t.: To present or offer; as to lay an indictment in a particular county; to lay a scheme before one.; v. t.: To state; to allege; as to lay the venue.; v. t.: To point; to aim; as to lay a gun.; v. t.: To put the strands of (a rope a cable etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them; as to lay a cable or rope.; v. t.: To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.; v. t.: To place (new type) properly in the cases.; v. i.: To produce and deposit eggs.; v. i.: To take a position; to come or go; as to lay forward; to lay aloft.; v. i.: To lay a wager; to bet.; n.: That which lies or is laid or is conceived of as having been laid or placed in its position; a row; a stratum; a layer; as a lay of stone or wood.; v. t.: A wager.; v. t.: A job price or profit.; v. t.: A share of the proceeds or profits of an enterprise; as when a man ships for a whaling voyage he agrees for a certain lay.; v. t.: A measure of yarn; a lea. See 1st Lea (a).; v. t.: The lathe of a loom. See Lathe 3.; v. t.: A plan; a scheme.
Found on page(s): [17, 18, 21, 65, 93]

lest - lest, Definition(s): v. i.: To listen.; n.: Lust; desire; pleasure.; a.: Last; least.; a.: For fear that; that . . . not; in order that . . . not.; a.: That (without the negative particle); -- after certain expressions denoting fear or apprehension.
Found on page(s): [68, 91, 95, 96]

rout - rout, Definition(s): v. i.: To roar; to bellow; to snort; to snore loudly.; n.: A bellowing; a shouting; noise; clamor; uproar; disturbance; tumult.; v. t.: To scoop out with a gouge or other tool; to furrow.; v. i.: To search or root in the ground as a swine.; n.: A troop; a throng; a company; an assembly; especially a traveling company or throng.; n.: A disorderly and tumultuous crowd; a mob; hence the rabble; the herd of common people.; n.: The state of being disorganized and thrown into confusion; -- said especially of an army defeated broken in pieces and put to flight in disorder or panic; also the act of defeating and breaking up an army; as the rout of the enemy was complete.; n.: A disturbance of the peace by persons assembled together with intent to do a thing which if executed would make them rioters and actually making a motion toward the executing thereof.; n.: A fashionable assembly or large evening party.; v. t.: To break the ranks of as troops and put them to flight in disorder; to put to rout.; v. i.: To assemble in a crowd whether orderly or disorderly; to collect in company.
Found on page(s): [63]

pardon - pardon, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of pardoning; forgiveness as of an offender or of an offense; release from penalty; remission of punishment; absolution.; v. t.: An official warrant of remission of penalty.; v. t.: The state of being forgiven.; v. t.: A release by a sovereign or officer having jurisdiction from the penalties of an offense being distinguished from amenesty which is a general obliteration and canceling of a particular line of past offenses.; v. t.: To absolve from the consequences of a fault or the punishment of crime; to free from penalty; -- applied to the offender.; v. t.: To remit the penalty of; to suffer to pass without punishment; to forgive; -- applied to offenses.; v. t.: To refrain from exacting as a penalty.; v. t.: To give leave (of departure) to.
Found on page(s): [85, 94]

length; - length;, Definition(s): a.: The longest or longer dimension of any object in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body parallel to its sides; as the length of a church or of a ship; the length of a rope or line.; a.: A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural.; a.: The quality or state of being long in space or time; extent; duration; as some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon and the length of his walk.; a.: A single piece or subdivision of a series or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together; as a length of pipe; a length of fence.; a.: Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as to pursue a subject to a great length.; a.: Distance.; v. t.: To lengthen.
Found on page(s): [72]

rare; - rare;, Definition(s): a.: Early.; superl.: Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as rare beef or mutton.; superl.: Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual; as a rare event.; superl.: Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found.; superl.: Thinly scattered; dispersed.; superl.: Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin; as a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
Found on page(s): [59]

length. - length., Definition(s): a.: The longest or longer dimension of any object in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body parallel to its sides; as the length of a church or of a ship; the length of a rope or line.; a.: A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural.; a.: The quality or state of being long in space or time; extent; duration; as some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon and the length of his walk.; a.: A single piece or subdivision of a series or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together; as a length of pipe; a length of fence.; a.: Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as to pursue a subject to a great length.; a.: Distance.; v. t.: To lengthen.
Found on page(s): [54]

condition - condition, Definition(s): n.: Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external circumstances or influences or to physical or mental integrity health strength etc.; predicament; rank; position estate.; n.: Essential quality; property; attribute.; n.: Temperament; disposition; character.; n.: That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something else; that which is requisite in order that something else should take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms specified.; n.: A clause in a contract or agreement which has for its object to suspend to defeat or in some way to modify the principal obligation; or in case of a will to suspend revoke or modify a devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event which may or may not happen and on the occurrence or non-occurrence of which the accomplishment recission or modification of an obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend.; v. i.: To make terms; to stipulate.; v. i.: To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.; n.: To invest with or limit by conditions; to burden or qualify by a condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.; n.: To contract; to stipulate; to agree.; n.: To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college; as to condition a student who has failed in some branch of study.; n.: To test or assay as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains).; n.: train; acclimate.
Found on page(s): [1]

obligation - obligation, Definition(s): n.: The act of obligating.; n.: That which obligates or constrains; the binding power of a promise contract oath or vow or of law; that which constitutes legal or moral duty.; n.: Any act by which a person becomes bound to do something to or for anouther or to forbear something; external duties imposed by law promise or contract by the relations of society or by courtesy kindness etc.; n.: The state of being obligated or bound; the state of being indebted for an act of favor or kindness; as to place others under obligations to one.; n.: A bond with a condition annexed and a penalty for nonfulfillment. In a larger sense it is an acknowledgment of a duty to pay a certain sum or do a certain things.
Found on page(s): [24, 27, 42, 49]

mounting - mounting, Definition(s): n.: The act of one that mounts.; n.: That by which anything is prepared for use or set off to advantage; equipment; embellishment; setting; as the mounting of a sword or diamond.
Found on page(s): [97]

desirous - desirous, Definition(s): n.: Feeling desire; eagerly wishing; solicitous; eager to obtain; covetous.
Found on page(s): [86, 87, 94]

rare. - rare., Definition(s): a.: Early.; superl.: Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as rare beef or mutton.; superl.: Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual; as a rare event.; superl.: Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found.; superl.: Thinly scattered; dispersed.; superl.: Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin; as a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
Found on page(s): [66]

pupil, - pupil,, Definition(s): n.: The aperture in the iris; the sight apple or black of the eye. See the Note under Eye and Iris.; n.: A youth or scholar of either sex under the care of an instructor or tutor.; n.: A person under a guardian; a ward.; n.: A boy or a girl under the age of puberty that is under fourteen if a male and under twelve if a female.
Found on page(s): [95]

length, - length,, Definition(s): a.: The longest or longer dimension of any object in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body parallel to its sides; as the length of a church or of a ship; the length of a rope or line.; a.: A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural.; a.: The quality or state of being long in space or time; extent; duration; as some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon and the length of his walk.; a.: A single piece or subdivision of a series or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together; as a length of pipe; a length of fence.; a.: Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as to pursue a subject to a great length.; a.: Distance.; v. t.: To lengthen.
Found on page(s): [3, 74]

became - became, Definition(s): : imp. of Become.
Found on page(s): [8, 11, 12, 17, 23, 25, 33, 36, 37, 38, 42, 58, 59, 71, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 92, 97, 106]

DEDICATION - DEDICATION, Definition(s): n.: The act of setting apart or consecrating to a divine Being or to a sacred use often with religious solemnities; solemn appropriation; as the dedication of Solomon's temple.; n.: A devoting or setting aside for any particular purpose; as a dedication of lands to public use.; n.: An address to a patron or friend prefixed to a book testifying respect and often recommending the work to his special protection and favor.
Found on page(s): [1]

whencesoever - whencesoever, Definition(s): adv. & conj.: From what place soever; from what cause or source soever.
Found on page(s): [71]

plea, - plea,, Definition(s): n.: That which is alleged by a party in support of his cause; in a stricter sense an allegation of fact in a cause as distinguished from a demurrer; in a still more limited sense and in modern practice the defendant's answer to the plaintiff's declaration and demand. That which the plaintiff alleges in his declaration is answered and repelled or justified by the defendant's plea. In chancery practice a plea is a special answer showing or relying upon one or more things as a cause why the suit should be either dismissed delayed or barred. In criminal practice the plea is the defendant's formal answer to the indictment or information presented against him.; n.: A cause in court; a lawsuit; as the Court of Common Pleas. See under Common.; n.: That which is alleged or pleaded in defense or in justification; an excuse; an apology.; n.: An urgent prayer or entreaty.
Found on page(s): [66]

troop - troop, Definition(s): n.: A collection of people; a company; a number; a multitude.; n.: Soldiers collectively; an army; -- now generally used in the plural.; n.: Specifically a small body of cavalry light horse or dragoons consisting usually of about sixty men commanded by a captain; the unit of formation of cavalry corresponding to the company in infantry. Formerly also a company of horse artillery; a battery.; n.: A company of stageplayers; a troupe.; n.: A particular roll of the drum; a quick march.; v. i.: To move in numbers; to come or gather in crowds or troops.; v. i.: To march on; to go forward in haste.
Found on page(s): [94, 97]

reputation, - reputation,, Definition(s): v. t.: The estimation in which one is held; character in public opinion; the character attributed to a person thing or action; repute.; v. t.: The character imputed to a person in the community in which he lives. It is admissible in evidence when he puts his character in issue or when such reputation is otherwise part of the issue of a case.; v. t.: Specifically: Good reputation; favorable regard; public esteem; general credit; good name.; v. t.: Account; value.
Found on page(s): [36]

effective - effective, Definition(s): a.: Having the power to produce an effect or effects; producing a decided or decisive effect; efficient; serviceable; operative; as an effective force remedy speech; the effective men in a regiment.; n.: That which produces a given effect; a cause.; n.: One who is capable of active service.; n.: Specie or coin as distinguished from paper currency; -- a term used in many parts of Europe.
Found on page(s): [98]

wound - wound, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Wind to twist and Wind to sound by blowing.; n.: A hurt or injury caused by violence; specifically a breach of the skin and flesh of an animal or in the substance of any creature or living thing; a cut stab rent or the like.; n.: Fig.: An injury hurt damage detriment or the like to feeling faculty reputation etc.; n.: An injury to the person by which the skin is divided or its continuity broken; a lesion of the body involving some solution of continuity.; n.: To hurt by violence; to produce a breach or separation of parts in as by a cut stab blow or the like.; n.: To hurt the feelings of; to pain by disrespect ingratitude or the like; to cause injury to.
Found on page(s): [106]

teacher - teacher, Definition(s): n.: One who teaches or instructs; one whose business or occupation is to instruct others; an instructor; a tutor.; n.: One who instructs others in religion; a preacher; a minister of the gospel; sometimes one who preaches without regular ordination.
Found on page(s): [50]

willing, - willing,, Definition(s): v. t.: Free to do or to grant; having the mind inclined; not opposed in mind; not choosing to refuse; disposed; not averse; desirous; consenting; complying; ready.; v. t.: Received of choice or without reluctance; submitted to voluntarily; chosen; desired.; v. t.: Spontaneous; self-moved.
Found on page(s): [36]

generous - generous, Definition(s): a.: Of honorable birth or origin; highborn.; a.: Exhibiting those qualities which are popularly reregarded as belonging to high birth; noble; honorable; magnanimous; spirited; courageous.; a.: Open-handed; free to give; not close or niggardly; munificent; as a generous friend or father.; a.: Characterized by generosity; abundant; overflowing; as a generous table.; a.: Full of spirit or strength; stimulating; exalting; as generous wine.
Found on page(s): [102]

patience, - patience,, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being patient; the power of suffering with fortitude; uncomplaining endurance of evils or wrongs as toil pain poverty insult oppression calamity etc.; n.: The act or power of calmly or contentedly waiting for something due or hoped for; forbearance.; n.: Constancy in labor or application; perseverance.; n.: Sufferance; permission.; n.: A kind of dock (Rumex Patientia) less common in America than in Europe; monk's rhubarb.; n.: Solitaire.
Found on page(s): [74]

direction - direction, Definition(s): n.: The act of directing of aiming regulating guiding or ordering; guidance; management; superintendence; administration; as the direction o/ public affairs or of a bank.; n.: That which is imposed by directing; a guiding or authoritative instruction; prescription; order; command; as he grave directions to the servants.; n.: The name and residence of a person to whom any thing is sent written upon the thing sent; superscription; address; as the direction of a letter.; n.: The line or course upon which anything is moving or aimed to move or in which anything is lying or pointing; aim; line or point of tendency; direct line or course; as the ship sailed in a southeasterly direction.; n.: The body of managers of a corporation or enterprise; board of directors.; n.: The pointing of a piece with reference to an imaginary vertical axis; -- distinguished from elevation. The direction is given when the plane of sight passes through the object.
Found on page(s): [100, 106]

custom, - custom,, Definition(s): n.: Frequent repetition of the same act; way of acting common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; usage; method of doing or living.; n.: Habitual buying of goods; practice of frequenting as a shop manufactory etc. for making purchases or giving orders; business support.; n.: Long-established practice considered as unwritten law and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage and Prescription.; n.: Familiar aquaintance; familiarity.; v. t.: To make familiar; to accustom.; v. t.: To supply with customers.; v. i.: To have a custom.; n.: The customary toll tax or tribute.; n.: Duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities imported or exported.; v. t.: To pay the customs of.
Found on page(s): [61]

spot, - spot,, Definition(s): n.: A mark on a substance or body made by foreign matter; a blot; a place discolored.; n.: A stain on character or reputation; something that soils purity; disgrace; reproach; fault; blemish.; n.: A small part of a different color from the main part or from the ground upon which it is; as the spots of a leopard; the spots on a playing card.; n.: A small extent of space; a place; any particular place.; n.: A variety of the common domestic pigeon so called from a spot on its head just above its beak.; n.: A sciaenoid food fish (Liostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. It has a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides. Called also goody Lafayette masooka and old wife.; n.: The southern redfish or red horse which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail. See Redfish.; n.: Commodities as merchandise and cotton sold for immediate delivery.; v. t.: To make visible marks upon with some foreign matter; to discolor in or with spots; to stain; to cover with spots or figures; as to spot a garnment; to spot paper.; v. t.: To mark or note so as to insure recognition; to recognize; to detect; as to spot a criminal.; v. t.: To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish as reputation; to asperse.; v. i.: To become stained with spots.
Found on page(s): [5]

whence - whence, Definition(s): adv.: From what place; hence from what or which source origin antecedent premise or the like; how; -- used interrogatively.; adv.: From what or which place source material cause etc.; the place source etc. from which; -- used relatively.
Found on page(s): [1, 20, 64, 80]

cry - cry, Definition(s): v. i.: To make a loud call or cry; to call or exclaim vehemently or earnestly; to shout; to vociferate; to proclaim; to pray; to implore.; v. i.: To utter lamentations; to lament audibly; to express pain grief or distress by weeping and sobbing; to shed tears; to bawl as a child.; v. i.: To utter inarticulate sounds as animals.; v. t.: To utter loudly; to call out; to shout; to sound abroad; to declare publicly.; v. t.: To cause to do something or bring to some state by crying or weeping; as to cry one's self to sleep.; v. t.: To make oral and public proclamation of; to declare publicly; to notify or advertise by outcry especially things lost or found goods to be sold ets.; as to cry goods etc.; v. t.: to publish the banns of as for marriage.; v. i.: A loud utterance; especially the inarticulate sound produced by one of the lower animals; as the cry of hounds; the cry of wolves.; v. i.: Outcry; clamor; tumult; popular demand.; v. i.: Any expression of grief distress etc. accompanied with tears or sobs; a loud sound uttered in lamentation.; v. i.: Loud expression of triumph or wonder or of popular acclamation or favor.; v. i.: Importunate supplication.; v. i.: Public advertisement by outcry; proclamation as by hawkers of their wares.; v. i.: Common report; fame.; v. i.: A word or phrase caught up by a party or faction and repeated for effect; as the party cry of the Tories.; v. i.: A pack of hounds.; v. i.: A pack or company of persons; -- in contempt.; v. i.: The crackling noise made by block tin when it is bent back and forth.
Found on page(s): [27, 86]

siege, - siege,, Definition(s): n.: A seat; especially a royal seat; a throne.; n.: Hence place or situation; seat.; n.: Rank; grade; station; estimation.; n.: Passage of excrements; stool; fecal matter.; n.: The sitting of an army around or before a fortified place for the purpose of compelling the garrison to surrender; the surrounding or investing of a place by an army and approaching it by passages and advanced works which cover the besiegers from the enemy's fire. See the Note under Blockade.; n.: Hence a continued attempt to gain possession.; n.: The floor of a glass-furnace.; n.: A workman's bench.; v. t.: To besiege; to beset.
Found on page(s): [92]

distinguished - distinguished, Definition(s): a.: Marked; special.; a.: Separated from others by distinct difference; having or indicating superiority; eminent or known; illustrious; -- applied to persons and deeds.
Found on page(s): [66, 78, 86]

opening - opening, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of opening; a beginning; commencement; first appearance; as the opening of a speech.; n.: A place which is open; a breach; an aperture; a gap; cleft or hole.; n.: Hence: A vacant place; an opportunity; as an opening for business.; n.: A thinly wooded space without undergrowth in the midst of a forest; as oak openings.
Found on page(s): [68]

saliva - saliva, Definition(s): n.: The secretion from the salivary glands.
Found on page(s): [105]

REBEL - REBEL, Definition(s): v. i.: Pertaining to rebels or rebellion; acting in revolt; rebellious; as rebel troops.; n.: One who rebels.; v. i.: To renounce and resist by force the authority of the ruler or government to which one owes obedience. See Rebellion.; v. i.: To be disobedient to authority; to assume a hostile or insubordinate attitude; to revolt.
Found on page(s): [10]

stable - stable, Definition(s): v. i.: Firmly established; not easily moved shaken or overthrown; fixed; as a stable government.; v. i.: Steady in purpose; constant; firm in resolution; not easily diverted from a purpose; not fickle or wavering; as a man of stable character.; v. i.: Durable; not subject to overthrow or change; firm; as a stable foundation; a stable position.; v. t.: To fix; to establish.; v. i.: A house shed or building for beasts to lodge and feed in; esp. a building or apartment with stalls for horses; as a horse stable; a cow stable.; v. t.: To put or keep in a stable.; v. i.: To dwell or lodge in a stable; to dwell in an inclosed place; to kennel.
Found on page(s): [61]

correct; - correct;, Definition(s): a.: Set right or made straight; hence conformable to truth rectitude or propriety or to a just standard; not faulty or imperfect; free from error; as correct behavior; correct views.; v. t.: To make right; to bring to the standard of truth justice or propriety; to rectify; as to correct manners or principles.; v. t.: To remove or retrench the faults or errors of; to amend; to set right; as to correct the proof (that is to mark upon the margin the changes to be made or to make in the type the changes so marked).; v. t.: To bring back or attempt to bring back to propriety in morals; to reprove or punish for faults or deviations from moral rectitude; to chastise; to discipline; as a child should be corrected for lying.; v. t.: To counteract the qualities of one thing by those of another; -- said of whatever is wrong or injurious; as to correct the acidity of the stomach by alkaline preparations.
Found on page(s): [69]

spoken - spoken, Definition(s): a.: Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as a spoken narrative; the spoken word.; a.: Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition; as a pleasant-spoken man.
Found on page(s): [45, 53, 66, 88, 104]

Sea, - Sea,, Definition(s): n.: One of the larger bodies of salt water less than an ocean found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank generally forming part of or connecting with an ocean or a larger sea; as the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea.; n.: An inland body of water esp. if large or if salt or brackish; as the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes a small fresh-water lake; as the Sea of Galilee.; n.: The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe.; n.: The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also a single wave; a billow; as there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea.; n.: A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size.; n.: Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness; as a sea of glory.
Found on page(s): [83]

faith, - faith,, Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [24, 50, 53, 79]

pre-eminent - pre-eminent, Definition(s): a.: Eminent above others; prominent among those who are eminent; superior in excellence; surpassing or taking precedence of others; rarely surpassing others in evil or in bad qualities; as preeminent in guilt.
Found on page(s): [46]

maintenance - maintenance, Definition(s): n.: The act of maintaining; sustenance; support; defense; vindication.; n.: That which maintains or supports; means of sustenance; supply of necessaries and conveniences.; n.: An officious or unlawful intermeddling in a cause depending between others by assisting either party with money or means to carry it on. See Champerty.
Found on page(s): [98]

Lucchese - Lucchese, Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Lucca in Tuscany; in the plural the people of Lucca.
Found on page(s): [90, 91, 95, 97]

barbarous - barbarous, Definition(s): a.: Being in the state of a barbarian; uncivilized; rude; peopled with barbarians; as a barbarous people; a barbarous country.; a.: Foreign; adapted to a barbaric taste.; a.: Cruel; ferocious; inhuman; merciless.; a.: Contrary to the pure idioms of a language.
Found on page(s): [24, 76, 79]

CIVIL - CIVIL, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to a city or state or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow citizens or to the state; within the city or state.; a.: Subject to government; reduced to order; civilized; not barbarous; -- said of the community.; a.: Performing the duties of a citizen; obedient to government; -- said of an individual.; a.: Having the manners of one dwelling in a city as opposed to those of savages or rustics; polite; courteous; complaisant; affable.; a.: Pertaining to civic life and affairs in distinction from military ecclesiastical or official state.; a.: Relating to rights and remedies sought by action or suit distinct from criminal proceedings.
Found on page(s): [27]

prey - prey, Definition(s): n.: Anything as goods etc. taken or got by violence; anything taken by force from an enemy in war; spoil; booty; plunder.; n.: That which is or may be seized by animals or birds to be devoured; hence a person given up as a victim.; n.: The act of devouring other creatures; ravage.; n.: To take booty; to gather spoil; to ravage; to take food by violence.
Found on page(s): [66]

lieutenant - lieutenant, Definition(s): n.: An officer who supplies the place of a superior in his absence; a representative of or substitute for another in the performance of any duty.; n.: A commissioned officer in the army next below a captain.; n.: A commissioned officer in the British navy in rank next below a commander.; n.: A commissioned officer in the United States navy in rank next below a lieutenant commander.
Found on page(s): [92, 93]

expedition - expedition, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being expedite; efficient promptness; haste; dispatch; speed; quickness; as to carry the mail with expedition.; n.: A sending forth or setting forth the execution of some object of consequence; progress.; n.: An important enterprise implying a change of place; especially a warlike enterprise; a march or a voyage with martial intentions; an excursion by a body of persons for a valuable end; as a military naval exploring or scientific expedition; also the body of persons making such excursion.
Found on page(s): [21, 75, 82]

led - led, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Lead.
Found on page(s): [18, 23, 38, 49, 77, 85]

wherein - wherein, Definition(s): adv.: In which; in which place thing time respect or the like; -- used relatively.; adv.: In what; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [3, 20, 29]

uncertain - uncertain, Definition(s): a.: Not certain; not having certain knowledge; not assured in mind; distrustful.; a.: Irresolute; inconsonant; variable; untrustworthy; as an uncertain person; an uncertain breeze.; a.: Questionable; equivocal; indefinite; problematical.; a.: Not sure; liable to fall or err; fallible.; a.: To make uncertain.
Found on page(s): [15, 42]

beautiful - beautiful, Definition(s): a.: Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind.
Found on page(s): [105, 106]

integrity - integrity, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being entire or complete; wholeness; entireness; unbroken state; as the integrity of an empire or territory.; n.: Moral soundness; honesty; freedom from corrupting influence or motive; -- used especially with reference to the fulfillment of contracts the discharge of agencies trusts and the like; uprightness; rectitude.; n.: Unimpaired unadulterated or genuine state; entire correspondence with an original condition; purity.
Found on page(s): [50]

robbery, - robbery,, Definition(s): n.: The act or practice of robbing; theft.; n.: The crime of robbing. See Rob v. t. 2.
Found on page(s): [20, 45]

liable - liable, Definition(s): v. t.: Bound or obliged in law or equity; responsible; answerable; as the surety is liable for the debt of his principal.; v. t.: Exposed to a certain contingency or casualty more or less probable; -- with to and an infinitive or noun; as liable to slip; liable to accident.
Found on page(s): [29, 56]

fly, - fly,, Definition(s): v. i.: To move in or pass thorugh the air with wings as a bird.; v. i.: To move through the air or before the wind; esp. to pass or be driven rapidly through the air by any impulse.; v. i.: To float wave or rise in the air as sparks or a flag.; v. i.: To move or pass swiftly; to hasten away; to circulate rapidly; as a ship flies on the deep; a top flies around; rumor flies.; v. i.: To run from danger; to attempt to escape; to flee; as an enemy or a coward flies. See Note under Flee.; v. i.: To move suddenly or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly; -- usually with a qualifying word; as a door flies open; a bomb flies apart.; v. t.: To cause to fly or to float in the air as a bird a kite a flag etc.; v. t.: To fly or flee from; to shun; to avoid.; v. t.: To hunt with a hawk.; v. i.: Any winged insect; esp. one with transparent wings; as the Spanish fly; firefly; gall fly; dragon fly.; v. i.: Any dipterous insect; as the house fly; flesh fly; black fly. See Diptera and Illust. in Append.; v. i.: A hook dressed in imitation of a fly -- used for fishing.; v. i.: A familiar spirit; a witch's attendant.; v. i.: A parasite.; v. i.: A kind of light carriage for rapid transit plying for hire and usually drawn by one horse.; v. i.: The length of an extended flag from its staff; sometimes the length from the union to the extreme end.; v. i.: The part of a vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows.; v. i.: That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card.; v. i.: Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis to act as a fanner or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air as in the striking part of a clock.; v. i.: A heavy wheel or cross arms with weights at the ends on a revolving axis to regulate or equalize the motion of machinery by means of its inertia where the power communicated or the resistance to be overcome is variable as in the steam engine or the coining press. See Fly wheel (below).; v. i.: The piece hinged to the needle which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch.; v. i.: The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin in a spinning wheel or spinning frame to twist the yarn.; v. i.: A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk.; v. i.: Formerly the person who took the printed sheets from the press.; v. i.: A vibrating frame with fingers attached to a power to a power printing press for doing the same work.; v. i.: The outer canvas of a tent with double top usually drawn over the ridgepole but so extended as to touch the roof of the tent at no other place.; v. i.: One of the upper screens of a stage in a theater.; v. i.: The fore flap of a bootee; also a lap on trousers overcoats etc. to conceal a row of buttons.; v. i.: A batted ball that flies to a considerable distance usually high in the air; also the flight of a ball so struck; as it was caught on the fly.; a.: Knowing; wide awake; fully understanding another's meaning.
Found on page(s): [17]

contrary, - contrary,, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [42, 49]

opposite - opposite, Definition(s): a.: Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as a house opposite to the Exchange.; a.: Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.; a.: Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.; a.: Set over against each other but separated by the whole diameter of the stem as two leaves at the same node.; a.: Placed directly in front of another part or organ as a stamen which stands before a petal.; n.: One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.; n.: That which is opposed or contrary; as sweetness and its opposite.
Found on page(s): [8, 27, 58, 70, 83, 91]

courtesy - courtesy, Definition(s): n.: Politeness; civility; urbanity; courtliness.; n.: An act of civility or respect; an act of kindness or favor performed with politeness.; n.: Favor or indulgence as distinguished from right; as a title given one by courtesy.; n.: An act of civility respect or reverence made by women consisting of a slight depression or dropping of the body with bending of the knees.; v. i.: To make a respectful salutation or movement of respect; esp. (with reference to women) to bow the body slightly with bending of the knes.; v. t.: To treat with civility.
Found on page(s): [68]

reservation, - reservation,, Definition(s): n.: The act of reserving or keeping back; concealment or withholding from disclosure; reserve.; n.: Something withheld either not expressed or disclosed or not given up or brought forward.; n.: A tract of the public land reserved for some special use as for schools for the use of Indians etc.; n.: The state of being reserved or kept in store.; n.: A clause in an instrument by which some new thing is reserved out of the thing granted and not in esse before.; n.: A proviso.; n.: The portion of the sacramental elements reserved for purposes of devotion and for the communion of the absent and sick.; n.: A term of canon law which signifies that the pope reserves to himself appointment to certain benefices.
Found on page(s): [66]

to-morrow - to-morrow, Definition(s): adv.: On the day after the present day; on the next day; on the morrow.; n.: The day after the present; the morrow.
Found on page(s): [74]

ABILITY - ABILITY, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being able; power to perform whether physical moral intellectual conventional or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength skill resources etc.; -- in the plural faculty talent.
Found on page(s): [14]

offering - offering, Definition(s): n.: The act of an offerer; a proffering.; n.: That which is offered esp. in divine service; that which is presented as an expiation or atonement for sin or as a free gift; a sacrifice; an oblation; as sin offering.; n.: A sum of money offered as in church service; as a missionary offering. Specif.: (Ch. of Eng.) Personal tithes payable according to custom either at certain seasons as Christmas or Easter or on certain occasions as marriages or christenings.
Found on page(s): [71, 98]

wetted - wetted, Definition(s): : of Wet.
Found on page(s): [104]

conduct, - conduct,, Definition(s): n.: The act or method of conducting; guidance; management.; n.: Skillful guidance or management; generalship.; n.: Convoy; escort; guard; guide.; n.: That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument.; n.: The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior.; n.: Plot; action; construction; manner of development.; n.: To lead or guide; to escort; to attend.; n.: To lead as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as to conduct the affairs of a kingdom.; n.: To behave; -- with the reflexive; as he conducted himself well.; n.: To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit as heat light electricity etc.; n.: To direct as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.; v. i.: To act as a conductor (as of heat electricity etc.); to carry.; v. i.: To conduct one's self; to behave.
Found on page(s): [15]

contrary; - contrary;, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [75]

sweeping - sweeping, Definition(s): a.: Cleaning off surfaces or cleaning away dust dirt or litter as a broom does; moving with swiftness and force; carrying everything before it; including in its scope many persons or things; as a sweeping flood; a sweeping majority; a sweeping accusation.
Found on page(s): [73]

thirty - thirty, Definition(s): a.: Being three times ten; consisting of one more than twenty-nine; twenty and ten; as the month of June consists of thirty days.; n.: The sum of three tens or twenty and ten; thirty units or objects.; n.: A symbol expressing thirty as 30 or XXX.
Found on page(s): [96, 99]

cut - cut, Definition(s): v. t.: To separate the parts of with or as with a sharp instrument; to make an incision in; to gash; to sever; to divide.; v. t.: To sever and cause to fall for the purpose of gathering; to hew; to mow or reap.; v. t.: To sever and remove by cutting; to cut off; to dock; as to cut the hair; to cut the nails.; v. t.: To castrate or geld; as to cut a horse.; v. t.: To form or shape by cutting; to make by incision hewing etc.; to carve; to hew out.; v. t.: To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce; to lacerate; as sarcasm cuts to the quick.; v. t.: To intersect; to cross; as one line cuts another at right angles.; v. t.: To refuse to recognize; to ignore; as to cut a person in the street; to cut one's acquaintance.; v. t.: To absent one's self from; as to cut an appointment a recitation. etc.; v. i.: To do the work of an edged tool; to serve in dividing or gashing; as a knife cuts well.; v. i.: To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument.; v. i.: To perform the operation of dividing severing incising intersecting etc.; to use a cutting instrument.; v. i.: To make a stroke with a whip.; v. i.: To interfere as a horse.; v. i.: To move or make off quickly.; v. i.: To divide a pack of cards into two portion to decide the deal or trump or to change the order of the cards to be dealt.; n.: An opening made with an edged instrument; a cleft; a gash; a slash; a wound made by cutting; as a sword cut.; n.: A stroke or blow or cutting motion with an edged instrument; a stroke or blow with a whip.; n.: That which wounds the feelings as a harsh remark or criticism or a sarcasm; personal discourtesy as neglecting to recognize an acquaintance when meeting him; a slight.; n.: A notch passage or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove; as a cut for a railroad.; n.: The surface left by a cut; as a smooth or clear cut.; n.: A portion severed or cut off; a division; as a cut of beef; a cut of timber.; n.: An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving; as a book illustrated with fine cuts.; n.: The act of dividing a pack cards.; n.: Manner in which a thing is cut or formed; shape; style; fashion; as the cut of a garment.; n.: A common work horse; a gelding.; n.: The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise.; n.: A skein of yarn.; a.: Gashed or divided as by a cutting instrument.; a.: Formed or shaped as by cutting; carved.; a.: Overcome by liquor; tipsy.
Found on page(s): [40, 96, 102, 104]

perfectly - perfectly, Definition(s): adv.: In a perfect manner or degree; in or to perfection; completely; wholly; throughly; faultlessly.
Found on page(s): [67, 104]

probably - probably, Definition(s): adv.: In a probable manner; in likelihood.
Found on page(s): [26]

killing - killing, Definition(s): a.: Literally that kills; having power to kill; fatal; in a colloquial sense conquering; captivating; irresistible.
Found on page(s): [38, 85, 96]

(ad - (ad, Definition(s): : As a prefix ad- assumes the forms ac- af- ag- al- an- ap- ar- as- at- assimilating the d with the first letter of the word to which ad- is prefixed. It remains unchanged before vowels and before d h j m v. Examples: adduce adhere adjacent admit advent accord affect aggregate allude annex appear etc. It becomes ac- before qu as in acquiesce.
Found on page(s): [51]

dread - dread, Definition(s): v. t.: To fear in a great degree; to regard or look forward to with terrific apprehension.; v. i.: To be in dread or great fear.; n.: Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.; n.: Reverential or respectful fear; awe.; n.: An object of terrified apprehension.; n.: A person highly revered.; n.: Fury; dreadfulness.; n.: Doubt; as out of dread.; a.: Exciting great fear or apprehension; causing terror; frightful; dreadful.; a.: Inspiring with reverential fear; awful' venerable; as dread sovereign; dread majesty; dread tribunal.
Found on page(s): [37, 49, 70, 92]

untrue - untrue, Definition(s): a.: Not true; false; contrary to the fact; as the story is untrue.; a.: Not faithful; inconstant; false; disloyal.; adv.: Untruly.
Found on page(s): [71]

coldly. - coldly., Definition(s): adv.: In a cold manner; without warmth animation or feeling; with indifference; calmly.
Found on page(s): [76]

(i.e. - (i.e., Definition(s): : Abbreviation of Latin id est that is.
Found on page(s): [17]

attack - attack, Definition(s): v. t.: To fall upon with force; to assail as with force and arms; to assault.; v. t.: To assail with unfriendly speech or writing; to begin a controversy with; to attempt to overthrow or bring into disrepute by criticism or satire; to censure; as to attack a man or his opinions in a pamphlet.; v. t.: To set to work upon as upon a task or problem or some object of labor or investigation.; v. t.: To begin to affect; to begin to act upon injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.; v. i.: To make an onset or attack.; n.: The act of attacking or falling on with force or violence; an onset; an assault; -- opposed to defense.; n.: An assault upon one's feelings or reputation with unfriendly or bitter words.; n.: A setting to work upon some task etc.; n.: An access of disease; a fit of sickness.; n.: The beginning of corrosive decomposing or destructive action by a chemical agent.
Found on page(s): [5, 16, 28, 30, 31, 34, 38, 59, 65, 67, 96, 97, 99, 100, 101]

attach - attach, Definition(s): v. t.: To bind fasten tie or connect; to make fast or join; as to attach one thing to another by a string by glue or the like.; v. t.: To connect; to place so as to belong; to assign by authority; to appoint; as an officer is attached to a certain regiment company or ship.; v. t.: To win the heart of; to connect by ties of love or self-interest; to attract; to fasten or bind by moral influence; -- with to; as attached to a friend; attaching others to us by wealth or flattery.; v. t.: To connect in a figurative sense; to ascribe or attribute; to affix; -- with to; as to attach great importance to a particular circumstance.; v. t.: To take seize or lay hold of.; v. t.: To take by legal authority: (a) To arrest by writ and bring before a court as to answer for a debt or a contempt; -- applied to a taking of the person by a civil process; being now rarely used for the arrest of a criminal. (b) To seize or take (goods or real estate) by virtue of a writ or precept to hold the same to satisfy a judgment which may be rendered in the suit. See Attachment 4.; v. i.: To adhere; to be attached.; v. i.: To come into legal operation in connection with anything; to vest; as dower will attach.; n.: An attachment.
Found on page(s): [12, 26]

situation - situation, Definition(s): n.: Manner in which an object is placed; location esp. as related to something else; position; locality site; as a house in a pleasant situation.; n.: Position as regards the conditions and circumstances of the case.; n.: Relative position; circumstances; temporary state or relation at a moment of action which excites interest as of persons in a dramatic scene.; n.: Permanent position or employment; place; office; as a situation in a store; a situation under government.
Found on page(s): [4, 99]

thirst - thirst, Definition(s): n.: A sensation of dryness in the throat associated with a craving for liquids produced by deprivation of drink or by some other cause (as fear excitement etc.) which arrests the secretion of the pharyngeal mucous membrane; hence the condition producing this sensation.; n.: Fig.: A want and eager desire after anything; a craving or longing; -- usually with for of or after; as the thirst for gold.; n.: To feel thirst; to experience a painful or uneasy sensation of the throat or fauces as for want of drink.; n.: To have a vehement desire.; v. t.: To have a thirst for.
Found on page(s): [79]

rapacious - rapacious, Definition(s): a.: Given to plunder; disposed or accustomed to seize by violence; seizing by force.; a.: Accustomed to seize food; subsisting on prey or animals seized by violence; as a tiger is a rapacious animal; a rapacious bird.; a.: Avaricious; grasping; extortionate; also greedy; ravenous; voracious; as rapacious usurers; a rapacious appetite.
Found on page(s): [47]

affable, - affable,, Definition(s): a.: Easy to be spoken to or addressed; receiving others kindly and conversing with them in a free and friendly manner; courteous; sociable.; a.: Gracious; mild; benign.
Found on page(s): [45]

filling - filling, Definition(s): n.: That which is used to fill a cavity or any empty space or to supply a deficiency; as filling for a cavity in a tooth a depression in a roadbed the space between exterior and interior walls of masonry the pores of open-grained wood the space between the outer and inner planks of a vessel etc.; n.: The woof in woven fabrics.; n.: Prepared wort added to ale to cleanse it.
Found on page(s): [89]

former; - former;, Definition(s): n.: One who forms; a maker; a creator.; n.: A shape around which an article is to be shaped molded woven wrapped pasted or otherwise constructed.; n.: A templet pattern or gauge by which an article is shaped.; n.: A cutting die.; a.: Preceding in order of time; antecedent; previous; prior; earlier; hence ancient; long past.; a.: Near the beginning; preceeding; as the former part of a discourse or argument.; a.: Earlier as between two things mentioned together; first mentioned.
Found on page(s): [44]

thine - thine, Definition(s): pron. & a.: A form of the possessive case of the pronoun thou now superseded in common discourse by your the possessive of you but maintaining a place in solemn discourse in poetry and in the usual language of the Friends or Quakers.
Found on page(s): [103]

principle - principle, Definition(s): n.: Beginning; commencement.; n.: A source or origin; that from which anything proceeds; fundamental substance or energy; primordial substance; ultimate element or cause.; n.: An original faculty or endowment.; n.: A fundamental truth; a comprehensive law or doctrine from which others are derived or on which others are founded; a general truth; an elementary proposition; a maxim; an axiom; a postulate.; n.: A settled rule of action; a governing law of conduct; an opinion or belief which exercises a directing influence on the life and behavior; a rule (usually a right rule) of conduct consistently directing one's actions; as a person of no principle.; n.: Any original inherent constituent which characterizes a substance or gives it its essential properties and which can usually be separated by analysis; -- applied especially to drugs plant extracts etc.; v. t.: To equip with principles; to establish or fix in certain principles; to impress with any tenet or rule of conduct good or ill.
Found on page(s): [38]

risen, - risen,, Definition(s): : p. p. & a. from Rise.; p. p. & a.: Obs. imp. pl. of Rise.
Found on page(s): [65]

tedious - tedious, Definition(s): a.: Involving tedium; tiresome from continuance prolixity slowness or the like; wearisome.
Found on page(s): [30]

risen. - risen., Definition(s): : p. p. & a. from Rise.; p. p. & a.: Obs. imp. pl. of Rise.
Found on page(s): [77]

unable - unable, Definition(s): a.: Not able; not having sufficient strength means knowledge skill or the like; impotent' weak; helpless; incapable; -- now usually followed by an infinitive or an adverbial phrase; as unable for work; unable to bear fatigue.
Found on page(s): [12, 14, 38, 78, 90, 97, 98]

dying - dying, Definition(s): a.: In the act of dying; destined to death; mortal; perishable; as dying bodies.; a.: Of or pertaining to dying or death; as dying bed; dying day; dying words; also simulating a dying state.; n.: The act of expiring; passage from life to death; loss of life.
Found on page(s): [86]

truce, - truce,, Definition(s): n.: A suspension of arms by agreement of the commanders of opposing forces; a temporary cessation of hostilities for negotiation or other purpose; an armistice.; n.: Hence intermission of action pain or contest; temporary cessation; short quiet.
Found on page(s): [94, 96]

glass - glass, Definition(s): v. t.: A hard brittle translucent and commonly transparent substance white or colored having a conchoidal fracture and made by fusing together sand or silica with lime potash soda or lead oxide. It is used for window panes and mirrors for articles of table and culinary use for lenses and various articles of ornament.; v. t.: Any substance having a peculiar glassy appearance and a conchoidal fracture and usually produced by fusion.; v. t.: Anything made of glass.; v. t.: A looking-glass; a mirror.; v. t.: A vessel filled with running sand for measuring time; an hourglass; and hence the time in which such a vessel is exhausted of its sand.; v. t.: A drinking vessel; a tumbler; a goblet; hence the contents of such a vessel; especially; spirituous liquors; as he took a glass at dinner.; v. t.: An optical glass; a lens; a spyglass; -- in the plural spectacles; as a pair of glasses; he wears glasses.; v. t.: A weatherglass; a barometer.; v. t.: To reflect as in a mirror; to mirror; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To case in glass.; v. t.: To cover or furnish with glass; to glaze.; v. t.: To smooth or polish anything as leater by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.
Found on page(s): [106]

ultimate - ultimate, Definition(s): a.: Farthest; most remote in space or time; extreme; last; final.; a.: Last in a train of progression or consequences; tended toward by all that precedes; arrived at as the last result; final.; a.: Incapable of further analysis; incapable of further division or separation; constituent; elemental; as an ultimate constituent of matter.; v. t. & i.: To come or bring to an end; to eventuate; to end.; v. t. & i.: To come or bring into use or practice.
Found on page(s): [23]

dinner, - dinner,, Definition(s): n.: The principal meal of the day eaten by most people about midday but by many (especially in cities) at a later hour.; n.: An entertainment; a feast.
Found on page(s): [86]

doubt - doubt, Definition(s): v. i.: To waver in opinion or judgment; to be in uncertainty as to belief respecting anything; to hesitate in belief; to be undecided as to the truth of the negative or the affirmative proposition; to b e undetermined.; v. i.: To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive.; v. t.: To question or hold questionable; to withhold assent to; to hesitate to believe or to be inclined not to believe; to withhold confidence from; to distrust; as I have heard the story but I doubt the truth of it.; v. t.: To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive of.; v. t.: To fill with fear; to affright.; v. i.: A fluctuation of mind arising from defect of knowledge or evidence; uncertainty of judgment or mind; unsettled state of opinion concerning the reality of an event or the truth of an assertion etc.; hesitation.; v. i.: Uncertainty of condition.; v. i.: Suspicion; fear; apprehension; dread.; v. i.: Difficulty expressed or urged for solution; point unsettled; objection.
Found on page(s): [20, 63, 71, 82, 102]

wise; - wise;, Definition(s): v.: Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned.; v.: Hence especially making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.; v.: Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically skilled in divination.; v.: Hence prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty.; v.: Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination.; v.: Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
Found on page(s): [41]

justice. - justice., Definition(s): a.: The quality of being just; conformity to the principles of righteousness and rectitude in all things; strict performance of moral obligations; practical conformity to human or divine law; integrity in the dealings of men with each other; rectitude; equity; uprightness.; a.: Conformity to truth and reality in expressing opinions and in conduct; fair representation of facts respecting merit or demerit; honesty; fidelity; impartiality; as the justice of a description or of a judgment; historical justice.; a.: The rendering to every one his due or right; just treatment; requital of desert; merited reward or punishment; that which is due to one's conduct or motives.; a.: Agreeableness to right; equity; justness; as the justice of a claim.; a.: A person duly commissioned to hold courts or to try and decide controversies and administer justice.; v. t.: To administer justice to.
Found on page(s): [67]

MEASURED - MEASURED, Definition(s): a.: Regulated or determined by a standard; hence equal; uniform; graduated; limited; moderated; as he walked with measured steps; he expressed himself in no measured terms.
Found on page(s): [30]

desire. - desire., Definition(s): v. t.: To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet.; v. t.: To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.; v. t.: To require; to demand; to claim.; v. t.: To miss; to regret.; v. t.: The natural longing that is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of any good and impels to action or effort its continuance or possession; an eager wish to obtain or enjoy.; v. t.: An expressed wish; a request; petition.; v. t.: Anything which is desired; an object of longing.; v. t.: Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.; v. t.: Grief; regret.
Found on page(s): [95]

contempt. - contempt., Definition(s): n.: The act of contemning or despising; the feeling with which one regards that which is esteemed mean vile or worthless; disdain; scorn.; n.: The state of being despised; disgrace; shame.; n.: An act or expression denoting contempt.; n.: Disobedience of the rules orders or process of a court of justice or of rules or orders of a legislative body; disorderly contemptuous or insolent language or behavior in presence of a court tending to disturb its proceedings or impair the respect due to its authority.
Found on page(s): [38, 70]

justice, - justice,, Definition(s): a.: The quality of being just; conformity to the principles of righteousness and rectitude in all things; strict performance of moral obligations; practical conformity to human or divine law; integrity in the dealings of men with each other; rectitude; equity; uprightness.; a.: Conformity to truth and reality in expressing opinions and in conduct; fair representation of facts respecting merit or demerit; honesty; fidelity; impartiality; as the justice of a description or of a judgment; historical justice.; a.: The rendering to every one his due or right; just treatment; requital of desert; merited reward or punishment; that which is due to one's conduct or motives.; a.: Agreeableness to right; equity; justness; as the justice of a claim.; a.: A person duly commissioned to hold courts or to try and decide controversies and administer justice.; v. t.: To administer justice to.
Found on page(s): [57, 77]

creed, - creed,, Definition(s): v. t.: A definite summary of what is believed; esp. a summary of the articles of Christian faith; a confession of faith for public use; esp. one which is brief and comprehensive.; v. t.: Any summary of principles or opinions professed or adhered to.; v. t.: To believe; to credit.
Found on page(s): [52]

imitate. - imitate., Definition(s): v. t.: To follow as a pattern model or example; to copy or strive to copy in acts manners etc.; v. t.: To produce a semblance or likeness of in form character color qualities conduct manners and the like; to counterfeit; to copy.; v. t.: To resemble (another species of animal or a plant or inanimate object) in form color ornamentation or instinctive habits so as to derive an advantage thereby; sa when a harmless snake imitates a venomous one in color and manner or when an odorless insect imitates in color one having secretion offensive to birds.
Found on page(s): [14, 58]

involved - involved, Definition(s): a.: Same as Involute.
Found on page(s): [71]

wise, - wise,, Definition(s): v.: Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned.; v.: Hence especially making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.; v.: Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically skilled in divination.; v.: Hence prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty.; v.: Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination.; v.: Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
Found on page(s): [62, 67, 69]

obeisance, - obeisance,, Definition(s): n.: Obedience.; n.: A manifestation of obedience; an expression of difference or respect; homage; a bow; a courtesy.
Found on page(s): [84]

rashness - rashness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being rash.
Found on page(s): [8]

fixed - fixed, Definition(s): a.: Securely placed or fastened; settled; established; firm; imovable; unalterable.; a.: Stable; non-volatile.
Found on page(s): [17, 28, 72, 89, 107]

assume - assume, Definition(s): v. t.: To take to or upon one's self; to take formally and demonstratively; sometimes to appropriate or take unjustly.; v. t.: To take for granted or without proof; to suppose as a fact; to suppose or take arbitrarily or tentatively.; v. t.: To pretend to possess; to take in appearance.; v. t.: To receive or adopt.; v. i.: To be arrogant or pretentious; to claim more than is due.; v. i.: To undertake as by a promise.
Found on page(s): [39, 92]

gentile - gentile, Definition(s): a.: One of a non-Jewish nation; one neither a Jew nor a Christian; a worshiper of false gods; a heathen.; a.: Belonging to the nations at large as distinguished from the Jews; ethnic; of pagan or heathen people.; a.: Denoting a race or country; as a gentile noun or adjective.
Found on page(s): [68]

Italian - Italian, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Italy or to its people or language.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Italy.; n.: The language used in Italy or by the Italians.
Found on page(s): [32, 38, 40, 52, 71, 76, 78, 79, 93]

Leo(*) - Leo(*), Definition(s): n.: The Lion the fifth sign of the zodiac marked thus [/] in almanacs.; n.: A northern constellation east of Cancer containing the bright star Regulus at the end of the handle of the Sickle.
Found on page(s): [33]

custode - custode, Definition(s): n.: See Custodian.
Found on page(s): [48]

wish; - wish;, Definition(s): v. t.: To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker.; v. t.: To desire; to long for; to hanker after; to have a mind or disposition toward.; v. t.: To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of or against any one; to attribute or cal down in desire; to invoke; to imprecate.; v. t.: To recommend; to seek confidence or favor in behalf of.; n.: Desire; eager desire; longing.; n.: Expression of desire; request; petition; hence invocation or imprecation.; n.: A thing desired; an object of desire.
Found on page(s): [7, 71]

Florence, - Florence,, Definition(s): n.: An ancient gold coin of the time of Edward III. of six shillings sterling value.; n.: A kind of cloth.
Found on page(s): [55, 85, 94, 98]

portcullis. - portcullis., Definition(s): n.: A grating of iron or of timbers pointed with iron hung over the gateway of a fortress to be let down to prevent the entrance of an enemy.; n.: An English coin of the reign of Elizabeth struck for the use of the East India Company; -- so called from its bearing the figure of a portcullis on the reverse.; v. t.: To obstruct with or as with a portcullis; to shut; to bar.
Found on page(s): [89]

Florence. - Florence., Definition(s): n.: An ancient gold coin of the time of Edward III. of six shillings sterling value.; n.: A kind of cloth.
Found on page(s): [29, 98]

disaster - disaster, Definition(s): n.: An unpropitious or baleful aspect of a planet or star; malevolent influence of a heavenly body; hence an ill portent.; n.: An adverse or unfortunate event esp. a sudden and extraordinary misfortune; a calamity; a serious mishap.; v. t.: To blast by the influence of a baleful star.; v. t.: To bring harm upon; to injure.
Found on page(s): [41]

eminence. - eminence., Definition(s): n.: That which is eminent or lofty; a high ground or place; a height.; n.: An elevated condition among men; a place or station above men in general either in rank office or celebrity; social or moral loftiness; high rank; distinction; preferment.; n.: A title of honor especially applied to a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.
Found on page(s): [89]

Prince," - Prince,", Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [18]

mastery." - mastery.", Definition(s): n.: The position or authority of a master; dominion; command; supremacy; superiority.; n.: Superiority in war or competition; victory; triumph; preeminence.; n.: Contest for superiority.; n.: A masterly operation; a feat.; n.: Specifically the philosopher's stone.; n.: The act process of mastering; the state of having mastered.
Found on page(s): [51]

pomp, - pomp,, Definition(s): n.: A procession distinguished by ostentation and splendor; a pageant.; n.: Show of magnificence; parade; display; power.; v. i.: To make a pompons display; to conduct.
Found on page(s): [96]

badly, - badly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a bad manner; poorly; not well; unskillfully; imperfectly; unfortunately; grievously; so as to cause harm; disagreeably; seriously.
Found on page(s): [16]

suspicion - suspicion, Definition(s): n.: The act of suspecting; the imagination or apprehension of the existence of something (esp. something wrong or hurtful) without proof or upon very slight evidence or upon no evidence.; n.: Slight degree; suggestion; hint.; v. t.: To view with suspicion; to suspect; to doubt.
Found on page(s): [91]

shore - shore, Definition(s): : of Shear.; : imp. of Shear.; n.: A sewer.; n.: A prop as a timber placed as a brace or support against the side of a building or other structure; a prop placed beneath anything as a beam to prevent it from sinking or sagging.; v. t.: To support by a shore or shores; to prop; -- usually with up; as to shore up a building.; v. t.: The coast or land adjacent to a large body of water as an ocean lake or large river.; v. t.: To set on shore.
Found on page(s): [83]

enlarged - enlarged, Definition(s): a.: Made large or larger; extended; swollen.
Found on page(s): [41]

AVOID - AVOID, Definition(s): a.: To empty.; a.: To emit or throw out; to void; as to avoid excretions.; a.: To quit or evacuate; to withdraw from.; a.: To make void; to annul or vacate; to refute.; a.: To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor no to meet; to shun; to abstain from; as to avoid the company of gamesters.; a.: To get rid of.; a.: To defeat or evade; to invalidate. Thus in a replication the plaintiff may deny the defendant's plea or confess it and avoid it by stating new matter.; v. i.: To retire; to withdraw.; v. i.: To become void or vacant.
Found on page(s): [53]

appointment: - appointment:, Definition(s): n.: The act of appointing; designation of a person to hold an office or discharge a trust; as he erred by the appointment of unsuitable men.; n.: The state of being appointed to som/ service or office; an office to which one is appointed; station; position; an the appointment of treasurer.; n.: Stipulation; agreement; the act of fixing by mutual agreement. Hence:: Arrangement for a meeting; engagement; as they made an appointment to meet at six.; n.: Decree; direction; established order or constitution; as to submit to the divine appointments.; n.: Equipment furniture as for a ship or an army; whatever is appointed for use and management; outfit; (pl.) the accouterments of military officers or soldiers as belts sashes swords.; n.: An allowance to a person esp. to a public officer; a perquisite; -- properly only in the plural.; n.: A honorary part or exercise as an oration etc. at a public exhibition of a college; as to have an appointment.
Found on page(s): [65]

opposite; - opposite;, Definition(s): a.: Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as a house opposite to the Exchange.; a.: Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.; a.: Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.; a.: Set over against each other but separated by the whole diameter of the stem as two leaves at the same node.; a.: Placed directly in front of another part or organ as a stamen which stands before a petal.; n.: One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.; n.: That which is opposed or contrary; as sweetness and its opposite.
Found on page(s): [74]

manage - manage, Definition(s): n.: The handling or government of anything but esp. of a horse; management; administration. See Manege.; n.: To have under control and direction; to conduct; to guide; to administer; to treat; to handle.; n.: Hence: Esp. to guide by careful or delicate treatment; to wield with address; to make subservient by artful conduct; to bring around cunningly to one's plans.; n.: To train in the manege as a horse; to exercise in graceful or artful action.; n.: To treat with care; to husband.; n.: To bring about; to contrive.; v. i.: To direct affairs; to carry on business or affairs; to administer.
Found on page(s): [6, 27, 63, 88]

equal - equal, Definition(s): a.: Agreeing in quantity size quality degree value etc.; having the same magnitude the same value the same degree etc.; -- applied to number degree quantity and intensity and to any subject which admits of them; neither inferior nor superior greater nor less better nor worse; corresponding; alike; as equal quantities of land water etc. ; houses of equal size; persons of equal stature or talents; commodities of equal value.; a.: Bearing a suitable relation; of just proportion; having competent power abilities or means; adequate; as he is not equal to the task.; a.: Not variable; equable; uniform; even; as an equal movement.; a.: Evenly balanced; not unduly inclining to either side; characterized by fairness; unbiased; impartial; equitable; just.; a.: Of the same interest or concern; indifferent.; a.: Intended for voices of one kind only either all male or all female; -- opposed to mixed.; a.: Exactly agreeing with respect to quantity.; n.: State of being equal; equality.; v. t.: To be or become equal to; to have the same quantity the same value the same degree or rank or the like with; to be commen/urate with.; v. t.: To make equal return to; to recompense fully.; v. t.: To make equal or equal to; to equalize; hence to compare or regard as equals; to put on equality.
Found on page(s): [14]

Partly - Partly, Definition(s): adv.: In part; in some measure of degree; not wholly.
Found on page(s): [86]

steep, - steep,, Definition(s): a.: Bright; glittering; fiery.; v. t.: To soak in a liquid; to macerate; to extract the essence of by soaking; as to soften seed by steeping it in water. Often used figuratively.; v. i.: To undergo the process of soaking in a liquid; as the tea is steeping.; n.: Something steeped or used in steeping; a fertilizing liquid to hasten the germination of seeds.; n.: A rennet bag.; v. t.: Making a large angle with the plane of the horizon; ascending or descending rapidly with respect to a horizontal line or a level; precipitous; as a steep hill or mountain; a steep roof; a steep ascent; a steep declivity; a steep barometric gradient.; v. t.: Difficult of access; not easy reached; lofty; elevated; high.; v. t.: Excessive; as a steep price.; n.: A precipitous place hill mountain rock or ascent; any elevated object sloping with a large angle to the plane of the horizon; a precipice.
Found on page(s): [96]

marvel - marvel, Definition(s): n.: That which causes wonder; a prodigy; a miracle.; n.: Wonder.; v. i.: To be struck with surprise astonishment or wonder; to wonder.; v. t.: To marvel at.; v. t.: To cause to marvel or be surprised; -- used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [12]

fallen - fallen, Definition(s): a.: Dropped; prostrate; degraded; ruined; decreased; dead.
Found on page(s): [86]

nurse, - nurse,, Definition(s): n.: One who nourishes; a person who supplies food tends or brings up; as: (a) A woman who has the care of young children; especially one who suckles an infant not her own. (b) A person especially a woman who has the care of the sick or infirm.; n.: One who or that which brings up rears causes to grow trains fosters or the like.; n.: A lieutenant or first officer who is the real commander when the captain is unfit for his place.; n.: A peculiar larva of certain trematodes which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction. See Cercaria and Redia.; n.: Either one of the nurse sharks.; v. t.: To nourish at the breast; to suckle; to feed and tend as an infant.; v. t.: To take care of or tend as a sick person or an invalid; to attend upon.; v. t.: To bring up; to raise by care from a weak or invalid condition; to foster; to cherish; -- applied to plants animals and to any object that needs or thrives by attention.; v. t.: To manage with care and economy with a view to increase; as to nurse our national resources.; v. t.: To caress; to fondle as a nurse does.
Found on page(s): [50]

paid - paid, Definition(s): imp. p. p. & a.: Receiving pay; compensated; hired; as a paid attorney.; imp. p. p. & a.: Satisfied; contented.
Found on page(s): [39]

Fortune - Fortune, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [73, 85, 86, 99, 102, 104, 107]

replete - replete, Definition(s): a.: Filled again; completely filled; full; charged; abounding.; v. t.: To fill completely or to satiety.
Found on page(s): [52]

cautious, - cautious,, Definition(s): a.: Attentive to examine probable effects and consequences of acts with a view to avoid danger or misfortune; prudent; circumspect; wary; watchful; as a cautious general.
Found on page(s): [74, 75, 76]

opposite, - opposite,, Definition(s): a.: Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as a house opposite to the Exchange.; a.: Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.; a.: Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.; a.: Set over against each other but separated by the whole diameter of the stem as two leaves at the same node.; a.: Placed directly in front of another part or organ as a stamen which stands before a petal.; n.: One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.; n.: That which is opposed or contrary; as sweetness and its opposite.
Found on page(s): [90]

opposite. - opposite., Definition(s): a.: Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as a house opposite to the Exchange.; a.: Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.; a.: Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.; a.: Set over against each other but separated by the whole diameter of the stem as two leaves at the same node.; a.: Placed directly in front of another part or organ as a stamen which stands before a petal.; n.: One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.; n.: That which is opposed or contrary; as sweetness and its opposite.
Found on page(s): [45, 52]

incur - incur, Definition(s): v. t.: To meet or fall in with as something inconvenient harmful or onerous; to put one's self in the way of; to expose one's self to; to become liable or subject to; to bring down upon one's self; to encounter; to contract; as to incur debt danger displeasure/ penalty responsibility etc.; v. t.: To render liable or subject to; to occasion.; v. i.: To pass; to enter.
Found on page(s): [47]

measured - measured, Definition(s): a.: Regulated or determined by a standard; hence equal; uniform; graduated; limited; moderated; as he walked with measured steps; he expressed himself in no measured terms.
Found on page(s): [86, 104]

downward - downward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Moving or extending from a higher to a lower place; tending toward the earth or its center or toward a lower level; declivous.; a.: Descending from a head origin or source; as a downward line of descent.; a.: Tending to a lower condition or state; depressed; dejected; as downward thoughts.
Found on page(s): [106]

abreast - abreast, Definition(s): adv.: Side by side with breasts in a line; as Two men could hardly walk abreast.; adv.: Side by side; also opposite; over against; on a line with the vessel's beam; -- with of.; adv.: Up to a certain level or line; equally advanced; as to keep abreast of [or with] the present state of science.; adv.: At the same time; simultaneously.
Found on page(s): [83]

dearness - dearness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being dear; costliness; excess of price.; n.: Fondness; preciousness; love; tenderness.
Found on page(s): [95]

Count - Count, Definition(s): v. t.: To tell or name one by one or by groups for the purpose of ascertaining the whole number of units in a collection; to number; to enumerate; to compute; to reckon.; v. t.: To place to an account; to ascribe or impute; to consider or esteem as belonging.; v. t.: To esteem; to account; to reckon; to think judge or consider.; v. i.: To number or be counted; to possess value or carry weight; hence to increase or add to the strength or influence of some party or interest; as every vote counts; accidents count for nothing.; v. i.: To reckon; to rely; to depend; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.; v. t.: The act of numbering; reckoning; also the number ascertained by counting.; v. t.: An object of interest or account; value; estimation.; v. t.: A formal statement of the plaintiff's case in court; in a more technical and correct sense a particular allegation or charge in a declaration or indictment separately setting forth the cause of action or prosecution.; n.: A nobleman on the continent of Europe equal in rank to an English earl.
Found on page(s): [37, 38, 64, 65, 91]

watchword - watchword, Definition(s): n.: A word given to sentinels and to such as have occasion to visit the guards used as a signal by which a friend is known from an enemy or a person who has a right to pass the watch from one who has not; a countersign; a password.; n.: A sentiment or motto; esp. one used as a rallying cry or a signal for action.
Found on page(s): [13]

Greece - Greece, Definition(s): n. pl.: See Gree a step.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 13, 39, 72]

wicked," - wicked,", Definition(s): a.: Having a wick; -- used chiefly in composition; as a two-wicked lamp.; a.: Evil in principle or practice; deviating from morality; contrary to the moral or divine law; addicted to vice or sin; sinful; immoral; profligate; -- said of persons and things; as a wicked king; a wicked woman; a wicked deed; wicked designs.; a.: Cursed; baneful; hurtful; bad; pernicious; dangerous.; a.: Ludicrously or sportively mischievous; disposed to mischief; roguish.
Found on page(s): [107]

whoever - whoever, Definition(s): pron.: Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one who; as he shall be punished whoever he may be.
Found on page(s): [30, 31, 35, 44, 61, 68]

season - season, Definition(s): n.: One of the divisions of the year marked by alternations in the length of day and night or by distinct conditions of temperature moisture etc. caused mainly by the relative position of the earth with respect to the sun. In the north temperate zone four seasons namely spring summer autumn and winter are generally recognized. Some parts of the world have three seasons -- the dry the rainy and the cold; other parts have but two -- the dry and the rainy.; n.: Hence a period of time especially as regards its fitness for anything contemplated or done; a suitable or convenient time; proper conjuncture; as the season for planting; the season for rest.; n.: A period of time not very long; a while; a time.; n.: That which gives relish; seasoning.; v. t.: To render suitable or appropriate; to prepare; to fit.; v. t.: To fit for any use by time or habit; to habituate; to accustom; to inure; to ripen; to mature; as to season one to a climate.; v. t.: Hence to prepare by drying or hardening or removal of natural juices; as to season timber.; v. t.: To fit for taste; to render palatable; to give zest or relish to; to spice; as to season food.; v. t.: Hence to fit for enjoyment; to render agrecable.; v. t.: To qualify by admixture; to moderate; to temper.; v. t.: To imbue; to tinge or taint.; v. t.: To copulate with; to impregnate.; v. i.: To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate.; v. i.: To become dry and hard by the escape of the natural juices or by being penetrated with other substance; as timber seasons in the sun.; v. i.: To give token; to savor.
Found on page(s): [68]

attain - attain, Definition(s): v. t.: To achieve or accomplish that is to reach by efforts; to gain; to compass; as to attain rest.; v. t.: To gain or obtain possession of; to acquire.; v. t.: To get at the knowledge of; to ascertain.; v. t.: To reach or come to by progression or motion; to arrive at.; v. t.: To overtake.; v. t.: To reach in excellence or degree; to equal.; v. i.: To come or arrive by motion growth bodily exertion or efforts toward a place object state etc.; to reach.; v. i.: To come or arrive by an effort of mind.; n.: Attainment.
Found on page(s): [2, 14, 24, 27, 74]

restoration - restoration, Definition(s): n.: The act of restoring or bringing back to a former place station or condition; the fact of being restored; renewal; reestablishment; as the restoration of friendship between enemies; the restoration of peace after war.; n.: The state of being restored; recovery of health strength etc.; as restoration from sickness.; n.: That which is restored or renewed.
Found on page(s): [89]

discourse, - discourse,, Definition(s): n.: The power of the mind to reason or infer by running as it were from one fact or reason to another and deriving a conclusion; an exercise or act of this power; reasoning; range of reasoning faculty.; n.: Conversation; talk.; n.: The art and manner of speaking and conversing.; n.: Consecutive speech either written or unwritten on a given line of thought; speech; treatise; dissertation; sermon etc.; as the preacher gave us a long discourse on duty.; n.: Dealing; transaction.; v. i.: To exercise reason; to employ the mind in judging and inferring; to reason.; v. i.: To express one's self in oral discourse; to expose one's views; to talk in a continuous or formal manner; to hold forth; to speak; to converse.; v. i.: To relate something; to tell.; v. i.: To treat of something in writing and formally.; v. t.: To treat of; to expose or set forth in language.; v. t.: To utter or give forth; to speak.; v. t.: To talk to; to confer with.
Found on page(s): [61]

threw - threw, Definition(s): : imp. of Throw.
Found on page(s): [39, 106]

deputy - deputy, Definition(s): n.: One appointed as the substitute of another and empowered to act for him in his name or his behalf; a substitute in office; a lieutenant; a representative; a delegate; a vicegerent; as the deputy of a prince of a sheriff of a township etc.; n.: A member of the Chamber of Deputies.
Found on page(s): [89, 91, 92]

beaten, - beaten,, Definition(s): : of Beat.; a.: Made smooth by beating or treading; worn by use.; a.: Vanquished; conquered; baffled.; a.: Exhausted; tired out.; a.: Become common or trite; as a beaten phrase.; a.: Tried; practiced.
Found on page(s): [76]

mean, - mean,, Definition(s): v. t.: To have in the mind as a purpose intention etc.; v. t.: To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention.; superl.: Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.; superl.: Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless; as a mean motive.; superl.: Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.; superl.: Of poor quality; as mean fare.; superl.: Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as mean hospitality.; a.: Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes.; a.: Intermediate in excellence of any kind.; a.: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation; as mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day.; n.: That which is mean or intermediate between two extremes of place time or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure.; n.: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others from which it is derived and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually unless otherwise specified it is the simple average formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities.; n.: That through which or by the help of which an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.; n.: Hence: Resources; property revenue or the like considered as the condition of easy livelihood or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.; n.: A part whether alto or tenor intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part.; n.: Meantime; meanwhile.; n.: A mediator; a go-between.
Found on page(s): [46]

destroy - destroy, Definition(s): v. t.: To unbuild; to pull or tear down; to separate virulently into its constituent parts; to break up the structure and organic existence of; to demolish.; v. t.: To ruin; to bring to naught; to put an end to; to annihilate; to consume.; v. t.: To put an end to the existence prosperity or beauty of; to kill.
Found on page(s): [13, 14, 22, 29, 32, 80]

miserly, - miserly,, Definition(s): a.: Like a miser; very covetous; sordid; niggardly.
Found on page(s): [45]

miserly. - miserly., Definition(s): a.: Like a miser; very covetous; sordid; niggardly.
Found on page(s): [46]

sword. - sword., Definition(s): n.: An offensive weapon having a long and usually sharp/pointed blade with a cutting edge or edges. It is the general term including the small sword rapier saber scimiter and many other varieties.; n.: Hence the emblem of judicial vengeance or punishment or of authority and power.; n.: Destruction by the sword or in battle; war; dissension.; n.: The military power of a country.; n.: One of the end bars by which the lay of a hand loom is suspended.
Found on page(s): [21]

Taro, - Taro,, Definition(s): n.: A name for several aroid plants (Colocasia antiquorum var. esculenta Colocasia macrorhiza etc.) and their rootstocks. They have large ovate-sagittate leaves and large fleshy rootstocks which are cooked and used for food in tropical countries.
Found on page(s): [78]

myself. - myself., Definition(s): pron.: I or me in person; -- used for emphasis my own self or person; as I myself will do it; I have done it myself; -- used also instead of me as the object of the first person of a reflexive verb without emphasis; as I will defend myself.
Found on page(s): [42]

mean; - mean;, Definition(s): v. t.: To have in the mind as a purpose intention etc.; v. t.: To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention.; superl.: Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.; superl.: Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless; as a mean motive.; superl.: Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.; superl.: Of poor quality; as mean fare.; superl.: Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as mean hospitality.; a.: Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes.; a.: Intermediate in excellence of any kind.; a.: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation; as mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day.; n.: That which is mean or intermediate between two extremes of place time or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure.; n.: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others from which it is derived and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually unless otherwise specified it is the simple average formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities.; n.: That through which or by the help of which an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.; n.: Hence: Resources; property revenue or the like considered as the condition of easy livelihood or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.; n.: A part whether alto or tenor intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part.; n.: Meantime; meanwhile.; n.: A mediator; a go-between.
Found on page(s): [46]

inhumanity - inhumanity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being inhuman; cruelty; barbarity.
Found on page(s): [24, 48]

guerdon - guerdon, Definition(s): n.: A reward; requital; recompense; -- used in both a good and a bad sense.; n.: To give guerdon to; to reward; to be a recompense for.
Found on page(s): [67]

enterprise - enterprise, Definition(s): n.: That which is undertaken; something attempted to be performed; a work projected which involves activity courage energy and the like; a bold arduous or hazardous attempt; an undertaking; as a manly enterprise; a warlike enterprise.; n.: Willingness or eagerness to engage in labor which requires boldness promptness energy and like qualities; as a man of great enterprise.; v. t.: To undertake; to begin and attempt to perform; to venture upon.; v. t.: To treat with hospitality; to entertain.; v. i.: To undertake an enterprise or something hazardous or difficult.
Found on page(s): [39, 65, 75, 82]

duchy. - duchy., Definition(s): n.: The territory or dominions of a duke; a dukedom.
Found on page(s): [18, 80]

consume - consume, Definition(s): v. t.: To destroy as by decomposition dissipation waste or fire; to use up; to expend; to waste; to burn up; to eat up; to devour.; v. i.: To waste away slowly.
Found on page(s): [6, 45]

truth, - truth,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or being true; as: -- (a) Conformity to fact or reality; exact accordance with that which is or has been; or shall be.; n.: Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example mood object of imitation or the like.; n.: Fidelity; constancy; steadfastness; faithfulness.; n.: The practice of speaking what is true; freedom from falsehood; veracity.; n.: That which is true or certain concerning any matter or subject or generally on all subjects; real state of things; fact; verity; reality.; n.: A true thing; a verified fact; a true statement or proposition; an established principle fixed law or the like; as the great truths of morals.; n.: Righteousness; true religion.; v. t.: To assert as true; to declare.
Found on page(s): [34, 70, 71]

unknown - unknown, Definition(s): a.: Not known; not apprehended.
Found on page(s): [73]

rapidly, - rapidly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a rapid manner.
Found on page(s): [17]

pretext - pretext, Definition(s): n.: Ostensible reason or motive assigned or assumed as a color or cover for the real reason or motive; pretense; disguise.
Found on page(s): [21, 32]

moreover, - moreover,, Definition(s): adv.: Beyond what has been said; further; besides; in addition; furthermore; also; likewise.
Found on page(s): [59]

gracious - gracious, Definition(s): a.: Abounding in grace or mercy; manifesting love. or bestowing mercy; characterized by grace; beneficent; merciful; disposed to show kindness or favor; condescending; as his most gracious majesty.; a.: Abounding in beauty loveliness or amiability; graceful; excellent.; a.: Produced by divine grace; influenced or controlled by the divine influence; as gracious affections.
Found on page(s): [104]

Thou - Thou, Definition(s): obj.: The second personal pronoun in the singular number denoting the person addressed; thyself; the pronoun which is used in addressing persons in the solemn or poetical style.; v. t.: To address as thou esp. to do so in order to treat with insolent familiarity or contempt.; v. i.: To use the words thou and thee in discourse after the manner of the Friends.
Found on page(s): [102, 103]

GAIN - GAIN, Definition(s): n.: A square or beveled notch cut out of a girder binding joist or other timber which supports a floor beam so as to receive the end of the floor beam.; a.: Convenient; suitable; direct; near; handy; dexterous; easy; profitable; cheap; respectable.; v. t.: That which is gained obtained or acquired as increase profit advantage or benefit; -- opposed to loss.; v. t.: The obtaining or amassing of profit or valuable possessions; acquisition; accumulation.; n.: To get as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as to gain a good living.; n.: To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition; as to gain a battle; to gain a case at law; to gain a prize.; n.: To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.; n.: To reach; to attain to; to arrive at; as to gain the top of a mountain; to gain a good harbor.; n.: To get incur or receive as loss harm or damage.; v. i.: To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest health or happiness; to make progress; as the sick man gains daily.
Found on page(s): [65]

fury - fury, Definition(s): n.: A thief.; n.: Violent or extreme excitement; overmastering agitation or enthusiasm.; n.: Violent anger; extreme wrath; rage; -- sometimes applied to inanimate things as the wind or storms; impetuosity; violence.; n.: pl. (Greek Myth.) The avenging deities Tisiphone Alecto and Megaera; the Erinyes or Eumenides.; n.: One of the Parcae or Fates esp. Atropos.; n.: A stormy turbulent violent woman; a hag; a vixen; a virago; a termagant.
Found on page(s): [79, 98, 101]

orphan - orphan, Definition(s): n.: A child bereaved of both father and mother; sometimes also a child who has but one parent living.; a.: Bereaved of parents or (sometimes) of one parent.; v. t.: To cause to become an orphan; to deprive of parents.
Found on page(s): [24]

parentage - parentage, Definition(s): n.: Descent from parents or ancestors; parents or ancestors considered with respect to their rank or character; extraction; birth; as a man of noble parentage.
Found on page(s): [86]

latter. - latter., Definition(s): a.: Later; more recent; coming or happening after something else; -- opposed to former; as the former and latter rain.; a.: Of two things the one mentioned second.; a.: Recent; modern.; a.: Last; latest; final.
Found on page(s): [100]

latter, - latter,, Definition(s): a.: Later; more recent; coming or happening after something else; -- opposed to former; as the former and latter rain.; a.: Of two things the one mentioned second.; a.: Recent; modern.; a.: Last; latest; final.
Found on page(s): [60, 62]

fellow - fellow, Definition(s): n.: A companion; a comrade; an associate; a partner; a sharer.; n.: A man without good breeding or worth; an ignoble or mean man.; n.: An equal in power rank character etc.; n.: One of a pair or of two things used together or suited to each other; a mate; the male.; n.: A person; an individual.; n.: In the English universities a scholar who is appointed to a foundation called a fellowship which gives a title to certain perquisites and privileges.; n.: In an American college or university a member of the corporation which manages its business interests; also a graduate appointed to a fellowship who receives the income of the foundation.; n.: A member of a literary or scientific society; as a Fellow of the Royal Society.; v. t.: To suit with; to pair with; to match.
Found on page(s): [27]

sorrow. - sorrow., Definition(s): n.: The uneasiness or pain of mind which is produced by the loss of any good real or supposed or by diseappointment in the expectation of good; grief at having suffered or occasioned evil; regret; unhappiness; sadness.; n.: To feel pain of mind in consequence of evil experienced feared or done; to grieve; to be sad; to be sorry.
Found on page(s): [87]

themselves, - themselves,, Definition(s): pron.: The plural of himself herself and itself. See Himself Herself Itself.
Found on page(s): [3, 11, 12, 14, 27, 28, 34, 36, 39, 42, 63, 73, 81, 85, 93]

acceptable. - acceptable., Definition(s): a.: Capable worthy or sure of being accepted or received with pleasure; pleasing to a receiver; gratifying; agreeable; welcome; as an acceptable present one acceptable to us.
Found on page(s): [1]

door - door, Definition(s): n.: An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment by which to go in and out; an entrance way.; n.: The frame or barrier of boards or other material usually turning on hinges by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.; n.: Passage; means of approach or access.; n.: An entrance way but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Found on page(s): [8, 79]

alliance - alliance, Definition(s): n.: The state of being allied; the act of allying or uniting; a union or connection of interests between families states parties etc. especially between families by marriage and states by compact treaty or league; as matrimonial alliances; an alliance between church and state; an alliance between France and England.; n.: Any union resembling that of families or states; union by relationship in qualities; affinity.; n.: The persons or parties allied.; v. t.: To connect by alliance; to ally.
Found on page(s): [67, 82, 103]

priesthood. - priesthood., Definition(s): n.: The office or character of a priest; the priestly function.; n.: Priests taken collectively; the order of men set apart for sacred offices; the order of priests.
Found on page(s): [87]

friendly - friendly, Definition(s): a.: Having the temper and disposition of a friend; disposed to promote the good of another; kind; favorable.; a.: Appropriate to or implying friendship; befitting friends; amicable.; a.: Not hostile; as a friendly power or state.; a.: Promoting the good of any person; favorable; propitious; serviceable; as a friendly breeze or gale.; adv.: In the manner of friends; amicably; like friends.
Found on page(s): [7, 13, 17, 21, 64, 91, 104]

sixteenth - sixteenth, Definition(s): a.: Sixth after the tenth; next in order after the fifteenth.; a.: Constituting or being one of sixteen equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by sixteen; one of sixteen equal parts of one whole.; n.: The next in order after the fifteenth; the sixth after the tenth.; n.: An interval comprising two octaves and a second.
Found on page(s): [17]

acceptable, - acceptable,, Definition(s): a.: Capable worthy or sure of being accepted or received with pleasure; pleasing to a receiver; gratifying; agreeable; welcome; as an acceptable present one acceptable to us.
Found on page(s): [1]

possession - possession, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of possessing or holding as one's own.; n.: The having holding or detention of property in one's power or command; actual seizin or occupancy; ownership whether rightful or wrongful.; n.: The thing possessed; that which any one occupies owns or controls; in the plural property in the aggregate; wealth; dominion; as foreign possessions.; n.: The state of being possessed or controlled as by an evil spirit or violent passions; madness; frenzy; as demoniacal possession.; v. t.: To invest with property.
Found on page(s): [8, 10, 24, 60, 63, 94, 97, 101]

themselves. - themselves., Definition(s): pron.: The plural of himself herself and itself. See Himself Herself Itself.
Found on page(s): [5, 12, 14, 26, 32, 85, 93]

dal - dal, Definition(s): n.: Split pulse esp. of Cajanus Indicus.
Found on page(s): [18, 92]

Prince - Prince, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [16, 28, 43, 63, 69, 80, 93]

themselves; - themselves;, Definition(s): pron.: The plural of himself herself and itself. See Himself Herself Itself.
Found on page(s): [62, 106]

shown - shown, Definition(s): : p. p. of Show.
Found on page(s): [15, 24, 29, 34, 35, 42, 74, 76, 88, 105]

celebrated - celebrated, Definition(s): a.: Having celebrity; distinguished; renowned.
Found on page(s): [24, 104]

affair - affair, Definition(s): n.: Any proceeding or action which it is wished to refer to or characterize vaguely; as an affair of honor i. e. a duel; an affair of love i. e. an intrigue.; n.: An action or engagement not of sufficient magnitude to be called a battle.; n.: Action; endeavor.; n.: A material object (vaguely designated).
Found on page(s): [41, 91]

pointing - pointing, Definition(s): n.: The act of sharpening.; n.: The act of designating as a position or direction by means of something pointed as a finger or a rod.; n.: The act or art of punctuating; punctuation.; n.: The act of filling and finishing the joints in masonry with mortar cement etc.; also the material so used.; n.: The rubbing off of the point of the wheat grain in the first process of high milling.; n.: The act or process of measuring at the various distances from the surface of a block of marble the surface of a future piece of statuary; also a process used in cutting the statue from the artist's model.
Found on page(s): [82]

majesty - majesty, Definition(s): n.: The dignity and authority of sovereign power; quality or state which inspires awe or reverence; grandeur; exalted dignity whether proceeding from rank character or bearing; imposing loftiness; stateliness; -- usually applied to the rank and dignity of sovereigns.; n.: Hence used with the possessive pronoun the title of an emperor king or queen; -- in this sense taking a plural; as their majesties attended the concert.; n.: Dignity; elevation of manner or style.
Found on page(s): [53, 55, 68]

Countess - Countess, Definition(s): n.: The wife of an earl in the British peerage or of a count in the Continental nobility; also a lady possessed of the same dignity in her own right. See the Note under Count.
Found on page(s): [64, 65]

accustomed - accustomed, Definition(s): a.: Familiar through use; usual; customary.; a.: Frequented by customers.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 3, 5, 13, 29, 41, 58, 62, 73, 75, 87, 88, 102, 104]

obtain - obtain, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold; to keep; to possess.; v. t.: To get hold of by effort; to gain possession of; to procure; to acquire in any way.; v. i.: To become held; to gain or have a firm footing; to be recognized or established; to subsist; to become prevalent or general; to prevail; as the custom obtains of going to the seashore in summer.; v. i.: To prevail; to succeed.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 28, 93]

raising - raising, Definition(s): n.: The act of lifting setting up elevating exalting producing or restoring to life.; n.: Specifically the operation or work of setting up the frame of a building; as to help at a raising.; n.: The operation of embossing sheet metal or of forming it into cup-shaped or hollow articles by hammering stamping or spinning.
Found on page(s): [106]

besieging - besieging, Definition(s): a.: That besieges; laying siege to.
Found on page(s): [21, 60]

repute - repute, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold in thought; to account; to estimate; to hold; to think; to reckon.; n.: Character reputed or attributed; reputation whether good or bad; established opinion; public estimate.; n.: Specifically: Good character or reputation; credit or honor derived from common or public opinion; -- opposed to disrepute.
Found on page(s): [91]

Queen - Queen, Definition(s): n.: The wife of a king.; n.: A woman who is the sovereign of a kingdom; a female monarch; as Elizabeth queen of England; Mary queen of Scots.; n.: A woman eminent in power or attractions; the highest of her kind; as a queen in society; -- also used figuratively of cities countries etc.; n.: The fertile or fully developed female of social bees ants and termites.; n.: The most powerful and except the king the most important piece in a set of chessmen.; n.: A playing card bearing the picture of a queen; as the queen of spades.; n.: A male homosexual esp. one who is effeminate or dresses in women's clothing.; v. i.: To act the part of a queen.; v. i.: To make a queen (or other piece at the player's discretion) of by moving it to the eighth row; as to queen a pawn.
Found on page(s): [36]

particular - particular, Definition(s): a.: Relating to a part or portion of anything; concerning a part separated from the whole or from others of the class; separate; sole; single; individual; specific; as the particular stars of a constellation.; a.: Of or pertaining to a single person class or thing; belonging to one only; not general; not common; hence personal; peculiar; singular.; a.: Separate or distinct by reason of superiority; distinguished; important; noteworthy; unusual; special; as he brought no particular news; she was the particular belle of the party.; a.: Concerned with or attentive to details; minute; circumstantial; precise; as a full and particular account of an accident; hence nice; fastidious; as a man particular in his dress.; a.: Containing a part only; limited; as a particular estate or one precedent to an estate in remainder.; a.: Holding a particular estate; as a particular tenant.; a.: Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject; as a particular proposition; -- opposed to universal: e. g. (particular affirmative) Some men are wise; (particular negative) Some men are not wise.; n.: A separate or distinct member of a class or part of a whole; an individual fact point circumstance detail or item which may be considered separately; as the particulars of a story.; n.: Special or personal peculiarity trait or character; individuality; interest etc.; n.: One of the details or items of grounds of claim; -- usually in the pl.; also a bill of particulars; a minute account; as a particular of premises.
Found on page(s): [11, 15, 56]

hazard. - hazard., Definition(s): n.: A game of chance played with dice.; n.: The uncertain result of throwing a die; hence a fortuitous event; chance; accident; casualty.; n.: Risk; danger; peril; as he encountered the enemy at the hazard of his reputation and life.; n.: Holing a ball whether the object ball (winning hazard) or the player's ball (losing hazard).; n.: Anything that is hazarded or risked as the stakes in gaming.; n.: To expose to the operation of chance; to put in danger of loss or injury; to venture; to risk.; n.: To venture to incur or bring on.; v. i.: To try the chance; to encounter risk or danger.
Found on page(s): [100]

vain, - vain,, Definition(s): superl.: Having no real substance value or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.; superl.: Destitute of forge or efficacy; effecting no purpose; fruitless; ineffectual; as vain toil; a vain attempt.; superl.: Proud of petty things or of trifling attainments; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason; conceited; puffed up; inflated.; superl.: Showy; ostentatious.; n.: Vanity; emptiness; -- now used only in the phrase in vain.
Found on page(s): [25]

vain. - vain., Definition(s): superl.: Having no real substance value or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.; superl.: Destitute of forge or efficacy; effecting no purpose; fruitless; ineffectual; as vain toil; a vain attempt.; superl.: Proud of petty things or of trifling attainments; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason; conceited; puffed up; inflated.; superl.: Showy; ostentatious.; n.: Vanity; emptiness; -- now used only in the phrase in vain.
Found on page(s): [15]

priest, - priest,, Definition(s): n.: One who is authorized to consecrate the host and to say Mass; but especially one of the lowest order possessing this power.; n.: A presbyter; one who belongs to the intermediate order between bishop and deacon. He is authorized to perform all ministerial services except those of ordination and confirmation.; n.: One who officiates at the altar or performs the rites of sacrifice; one who acts as a mediator between men and the divinity or the gods in any form of religion; as Buddhist priests.; v. t.: To ordain as priest.
Found on page(s): [87]

ample - ample, Definition(s): a.: Large; great in size extent capacity or bulk; spacious; roomy; widely extended.; a.: Fully sufficient; abundant; liberal; copious; as an ample fortune; ample justice.; a.: Not contracted of brief; not concise; extended; diffusive; as an ample narrative.
Found on page(s): [88]

persuasion. - persuasion., Definition(s): n.: The act of persuading; the act of influencing the mind by arguments or reasons offered or by anything that moves the mind or passions or inclines the will to a determination.; n.: The state of being persuaded or convinced; settled opinion or conviction which has been induced.; n.: A creed or belief; a sect or party adhering to a certain creed or system of opinions; as of the same persuasion; all persuasions are agreed.; n.: The power or quality of persuading; persuasiveness.; n.: That which persuades; a persuasive.
Found on page(s): [16]

entertain - entertain, Definition(s): v. t.: To be at the charges of; to take or keep in one's service; to maintain; to support; to harbor; to keep.; v. t.: To give hospitable reception and maintenance to; to receive at one's board or into one's house; to receive as a guest.; v. t.: To engage the attention of agreeably; to amuse with that which makes the time pass pleasantly; to divert; as to entertain friends with conversation etc.; v. t.: To give reception to; to receive in general; to receive and take into consideration; to admit treat or make use of; as to entertain a proposal.; v. t.: To meet or encounter as an enemy.; v. t.: To keep hold or maintain in the mind with favor; to keep in the mind; to harbor; to cherish; as to entertain sentiments.; v. t.: To lead on; to bring along; to introduce.; v. i.: To receive or provide entertainment for guests; as he entertains generously.; n.: Entertainment.
Found on page(s): [68, 83]

ease - ease, Definition(s): n.: Satisfaction; pleasure; hence accommodation; entertainment.; n.: Freedom from anything that pains or troubles; as: (a) Relief from labor or effort; rest; quiet; relaxation; as ease of body.; n.: Freedom from care solicitude or anything that annoys or disquiets; tranquillity; peace; comfort; security; as ease of mind.; n.: Freedom from constraint formality difficulty embarrassment etc.; facility; liberty; naturalness; -- said of manner style etc.; as ease of style of behavior of address.; n.: To free from anything that pains disquiets or oppresses; to relieve from toil or care; to give rest repose or tranquility to; -- often with of; as to ease of pain; ease the body or mind.; n.: To render less painful or oppressive; to mitigate; to alleviate.; n.: To release from pressure or restraint; to move gently; to lift slightly; to shift a little; as to ease a bar or nut in machinery.; n.: To entertain; to furnish with accommodations.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 35, 42, 43, 54, 88]

overrun - overrun, Definition(s): v. t.: To run over; to grow or spread over in excess; to invade and occupy; to take possession of; as the vine overran its trellis; the farm is overrun with witch grass.; v. t.: To exceed in distance or speed of running; to go beyond or pass in running.; v. t.: To go beyond; to extend in part beyond; as one line overruns another in length.; v. t.: To abuse or oppress as if by treading upon.; v. t.: To carry over or back as type from one line or page into the next after or next before.; v. t.: To extend the contents of (a line column or page) into the next line column or page.; v. i.: To run pass spread or flow over or by something; to be beyond or in excess.; v. i.: To extend beyond its due or desired length; as a line or advertisement overruns.
Found on page(s): [38, 92]

countess - countess, Definition(s): n.: The wife of an earl in the British peerage or of a count in the Continental nobility; also a lady possessed of the same dignity in her own right. See the Note under Count.
Found on page(s): [65]

WICKEDNESS - WICKEDNESS, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being wicked; departure from the rules of the divine or the moral law; evil disposition or practices; immorality; depravity; sinfulness.; n.: A wicked thing or act; crime; sin; iniquity.
Found on page(s): [23]

elsewhere - elsewhere, Definition(s): adv.: In any other place; as these trees are not to be found elsewhere.; adv.: In some other place; in other places indefinitely; as it is reported in town and elsewhere.
Found on page(s): [60]

jealousy - jealousy, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being jealous; earnest concern or solicitude; painful apprehension of rivalship in cases nearly affecting one's happiness; painful suspicion of the faithfulness of husband wife or lover.
Found on page(s): [91]

principal - principal, Definition(s): a.: Highest in rank authority character importance or degree; most considerable or important; chief; main; as the principal officers of a Government; the principal men of a state; the principal productions of a country; the principal arguments in a case.; a.: Of or pertaining to a prince; princely.; n.: A leader chief or head; one who takes the lead; one who acts independently or who has controlling authority or influence; as the principal of a faction a school a firm etc.; -- distinguished from a subordinate abettor auxiliary or assistant.; n.: The chief actor in a crime or an abettor who is present at it -- as distinguished from an accessory.; n.: A chief obligor promisor or debtor -- as distinguished from a surety.; n.: One who employs another to act for him -- as distinguished from an agent.; n.: A thing of chief or prime importance; something fundamental or especially conspicuous.; n.: A capital sum of money placed out at interest due as a debt or used as a fund; -- so called in distinction from interest or profit.; n.: The construction which gives shape and strength to a roof -- generally a truss of timber or iron but there are roofs with stone principals. Also loosely the most important member of a piece of framing.; n.: In English organs the chief open metallic stop an octave above the open diapason. On the manual it is four feet long on the pedal eight feet. In Germany this term corresponds to the English open diapason.; n.: A heirloom; a mortuary.; n.: The first two long feathers of a hawk's wing.; n.: One of turrets or pinnacles of waxwork and tapers with which the posts and center of a funeral hearse were formerly crowned.; n.: A principal or essential point or rule; a principle.
Found on page(s): [32, 49]

inducement - inducement, Definition(s): n.: The act of inducing or the state of being induced.; n.: That which induces; a motive or consideration that leads one to action or induces one to act; as reward is an inducement to toil.; n.: Matter stated by way of explanatory preamble or introduction to the main allegations of a pleading; a leading to.
Found on page(s): [103]

sometimes, - sometimes,, Definition(s): adv.: Formerly; sometime.; adv.: At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally.; a.: Former; sometime.
Found on page(s): [68]

friar - friar, Definition(s): n.: A brother or member of any religious order but especially of one of the four mendicant orders viz: (a) Minors Gray Friars or Franciscans. (b) Augustines. (c) Dominicans or Black Friars. (d) White Friars or Carmelites. See these names in the Vocabulary.; n.: A white or pale patch on a printed page.; n.: An American fish; the silversides.
Found on page(s): [106]

introduction - introduction, Definition(s): n.: The act of introducing or bringing to notice.; n.: The act of formally making persons known to each other; a presentation or making known of one person to another by name; as the introduction of one stranger to another.; n.: That part of a book or discourse which introduces or leads the way to the main subject or part; preliminary; matter; preface; proem; exordium.; n.: A formal and elaborate preliminary treatise; specifically a treatise introductory to other treatises or to a course of study; a guide; as an introduction to English literature.
Found on page(s): [7, 15]

thither - thither, Definition(s): adv.: To that place; -- opposed to hither.; adv.: To that point end or result; as the argument tended thither.; a.: Being on the farther side from the person speaking; farther; -- a correlative of hither; as on the thither side of the water.; a.: Applied to time: On the thither side of older than; of more years than. See Hither a.
Found on page(s): [74]

washed - washed, Definition(s): a.: Appearing as if overlaid with a thin layer of different color; -- said of the colors of certain birds and insects.
Found on page(s): [86]

built - built, Definition(s): n.: Shape; build; form of structure; as the built of a ship.; a.: Formed; shaped; constructed; made; -- often used in composition and preceded by the word denoting the form; as frigate-built clipper-built etc.
Found on page(s): [62, 64]

absence. - absence., Definition(s): n.: A state of being absent or withdrawn from a place or from companionship; -- opposed to presence.; n.: Want; destitution; withdrawal.; n.: Inattention to things present; abstraction (of mind); as absence of mind.
Found on page(s): [96]

paltry - paltry, Definition(s): superl.: Mean; vile; worthless; despicable; contemptible; pitiful; trifling; as a paltry excuse; paltry gold.
Found on page(s): [25]

persuaded - persuaded, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Prevailed upon; influenced by argument or entreaty; convinced.
Found on page(s): [58, 75, 82, 83]

build - build, Definition(s): v. t.: To erect or construct as an edifice or fabric of any kind; to form by uniting materials into a regular structure; to fabricate; to make; to raise.; v. t.: To raise or place on a foundation; to form establish or produce by using appropriate means.; v. t.: To increase and strengthen; to increase the power and stability of; to settle or establish and preserve; -- frequently with up; as to build up one's constitution.; v. i.: To exercise the art or practice the business of building.; v. i.: To rest or depend as on a foundation; to ground one's self or one's hopes or opinions upon something deemed reliable; to rely; as to build on the opinions or advice of others.; n.: Form or mode of construction; general figure; make; as the build of a ship.
Found on page(s): [16, 64]

gratitude - gratitude, Definition(s): a.: The state of being grateful; warm and friendly feeling toward a benefactor; kindness awakened by a favor received; thankfulness.
Found on page(s): [88, 103]

earn - earn, Definition(s): n.: See Ern n.; v. t.: To merit or deserve as by labor or service; to do that which entitles one to (a reward whether the reward is received or not).; v. t.: To acquire by labor service or performance; to deserve and receive as compensation or wages; as to earn a good living; to earn honors or laurels.; v. t. & i.: To grieve.; v. i.: To long; to yearn.; v. i.: To curdle as milk.
Found on page(s): [63]

weakness; - weakness;, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being weak; want of strength or firmness; lack of vigor; want of resolution or of moral strength; feebleness.; n.: That which is a mark of lack of strength or resolution; a fault; a defect.
Found on page(s): [32]

interfere - interfere, Definition(s): v. i.: To come in collision; to be in opposition; to clash; as interfering claims or commands.; v. i.: To enter into or take a part in the concerns of others; to intermeddle; to interpose.; v. i.: To strike one foot against the opposite foot or ankle in using the legs; -- sometimes said of a human being but usually of a horse; as the horse interferes.; v. i.: To act reciprocally so as to augment diminish or otherwise affect one another; -- said of waves rays of light heat etc. See Interference 2.; v. i.: To cover the same ground; to claim the same invention.
Found on page(s): [67]

gluttonous." - gluttonous.", Definition(s): a.: Given to gluttony; eating to excess; indulging the appetite; voracious; as a gluttonous age.
Found on page(s): [105]

worth. - worth., Definition(s): v. i.: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases woe worth the day woe worth the man etc. in which the verb is in the imperative and the nouns day man etc. are in the dative. Woe be to the day woe be to the man etc. are equivalent phrases.; a.: Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also worth while.; a.: Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be exchanged for.; a.: Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense but chiefly in a good sense.; a.: Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value of.; a.: That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value; hence often value as expressed in a standard as money; equivalent in exchange; price.; a.: Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence; virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as a man or magistrate of great worth.
Found on page(s): [105]

dost - dost, Definition(s): 2d pers. sing. pres.: of Do.
Found on page(s): [105]

fiery - fiery, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of containing or resembling fire; as the fiery gulf of Etna; a fiery appearance.; a.: Vehement; ardent; very active; impetuous.; a.: Passionate; easily provoked; irritable.; a.: Unrestrained; fierce; mettlesome; spirited.; a.: heated by fire or as if by fire; burning hot; parched; feverish.
Found on page(s): [88]

arms; - arms;, Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [32, 34, 93]

del - del, Definition(s): n.: Share; portion; part.
Found on page(s): [18, 92]

parliament - parliament, Definition(s): n.: A parleying; a discussion; a conference.; n.: A formal conference on public affairs; a general council; esp. an assembly of representatives of a nation or people having authority to make laws.; n.: The assembly of the three estates of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland viz. the lords spiritual lords temporal and the representatives of the commons sitting in the House of Lords and the House of Commons constituting the legislature when summoned by the royal authority to consult on the affairs of the nation and to enact and repeal laws.; n.: In France before the Revolution of 1789 one of the several principal judicial courts.
Found on page(s): [56]

path - path, Definition(s): n.: A trodden way; a footway.; n.: A way course or track in which anything moves or has moved; route; passage; an established way; as the path of a meteor of a caravan of a storm of a pestilence. Also used figuratively of a course of life or action.; v. t.: To make a path in or on (something) or for (some one).; v. i.: To walk or go.
Found on page(s): [97]

bind - bind, Definition(s): v. t.: To tie or confine with a cord band ligature chain etc.; to fetter; to make fast; as to bind grain in bundles; to bind a prisoner.; v. t.: To confine restrain or hold by physical force or influence of any kind; as attraction binds the planets to the sun; frost binds the earth or the streams.; v. t.: To cover as with a bandage; to bandage or dress; -- sometimes with up; as to bind up a wound.; v. t.: To make fast ( a thing) about or upon something as by tying; to encircle with something; as to bind a belt about one; to bind a compress upon a part.; v. t.: To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action; as certain drugs bind the bowels.; v. t.: To protect or strengthen by a band or binding as the edge of a carpet or garment.; v. t.: To sew or fasten together and inclose in a cover; as to bind a book.; v. t.: Fig.: To oblige restrain or hold by authority law duty promise vow affection or other moral tie; as to bind the conscience; to bind by kindness; bound by affection; commerce binds nations to each other.; v. t.: To bring (any one) under definite legal obligations; esp. under the obligation of a bond or covenant.; v. t.: To place under legal obligation to serve; to indenture; as to bind an apprentice; -- sometimes with out; as bound out to service.; v. i.: To tie; to confine by any ligature.; v. i.: To contract; to grow hard or stiff; to cohere or stick together in a mass; as clay binds by heat.; v. i.: To be restrained from motion or from customary or natural action as by friction.; v. i.: To exert a binding or restraining influence.; n.: That which binds or ties.; n.: Any twining or climbing plant or stem esp. a hop vine; a bine.; n.: Indurated clay when much mixed with the oxide of iron.; n.: A ligature or tie for grouping notes.
Found on page(s): [28, 40, 68, 72]

Thus - Thus, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [4, 10, 15, 26, 34, 67, 72, 80, 83, 88, 95, 97, 101, 103]

Syracuse - Syracuse, Definition(s): n.: A red wine of Italy.
Found on page(s): [23]

exemplar - exemplar, Definition(s): n.: A model original or pattern to be copied or imitated; a specimen; sometimes; an ideal model or type as that which an artist conceives.; n.: A copy of a book or writing.; a.: Exemplary.
Found on page(s): [44, 86]

examining - examining, Definition(s): a.: Having power to examine; appointed to examine; as an examining committee.
Found on page(s): [15, 30]

servitude - servitude, Definition(s): n.: The state of voluntary or compulsory subjection to a master; the condition of being bound to service; the condition of a slave; slavery; bondage; hence a state of slavish dependence.; n.: Servants collectively.; n.: A right whereby one thing is subject to another thing or person for use or convenience contrary to the common right.
Found on page(s): [39]

pass - pass, Definition(s): v. i.: To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as to pass on by out in etc.; to pass swiftly directly smoothly etc.; to pass to the rear under the yoke over the bridge across the field beyond the border etc.; v. i.: To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession condition or circumstances; to undergo transition; as the business has passed into other hands.; v. i.: To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically to depart from life; to die.; v. i.: To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorily.; v. i.: To go by or glide by as time; to elapse; to be spent; as their vacation passed pleasantly.; v. i.: To go from one person to another; hence to be given and taken freely; as clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation.; v. i.: To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.; v. i.: To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as he attempted the examination but did not expect to pass.; v. i.: To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence to continue; to live along.; v. i.: To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as we let this act pass.; v. i.: To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.; v. i.: To take heed; to care.; v. i.: To go through the intestines.; v. i.: To be conveyed or transferred by will deed or other instrument of conveyance; as an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed.; v. i.: To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.; v. i.: To decline to take an optional action when it is one's turn as to decline to bid or to bet or to play a card; in euchre to decline to make the trump.; v. i.: In football hockey etc. to make a pass; to transfer the ball etc. to another player of one's own side.; v. t.: To go by beyond over through or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as to pass a house a stream a boundary etc.; v. t.: To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.; v. t.: To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.; v. t.: To go successfully through as an examination trail test etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of as a legislative body; as he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.; v. t.: To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person place or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand.; v. t.: To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence to promise; to pledge; as to pass sentence.; v. t.: To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal examination or action; specifically to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law.; v. t.: To put in circulation; to give currency to; as to pass counterfeit money.; v. t.: To cause to obtain entrance admission or conveyance; as to pass a person into a theater or over a railroad.; v. t.: To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.; v. t.: To take a turn with (a line gasket etc.) as around a sail in furling and make secure.; v. t.: To make as a thrust punto etc.; v. i.: An opening road or track available for passing; especially one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as a mountain pass.; v. i.: A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.; v. i.: A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.; v. i.: A single passage of a bar rail sheet etc. between the rolls.; v. i.: State of things; condition; predicament.; v. i.: Permission or license to pass or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as a railroad or theater pass; a military pass.; v. i.: Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit.; v. i.: Estimation; character.; v. i.: A part; a division.
Found on page(s): [38, 39, 46, 51, 55, 74, 79, 84, 90, 92, 96]

carefully - carefully, Definition(s): adv.: In a careful manner.
Found on page(s): [59, 72, 76]

mild - mild, Definition(s): superl.: Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence moderate in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh severe irritating violent disagreeable etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as a mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild insanity.
Found on page(s): [26]

tributary - tributary, Definition(s): a.: Paying tribute to another either from compulsion as an acknowledgment of submission or to secure protection or for the purpose of purchasing peace.; a.: Hence subject; subordinate; inferior.; a.: Paid in tribute.; a.: Yielding supplies of any kind; serving to form or make up a greater object of the same kind as a part branch etc.; contributing; as the Ohio has many tributary streams and is itself tributary to the Mississippi.; n.: A ruler or state that pays tribute or a stated sum to a conquering power for the purpose of securing peace and protection or as an acknowledgment of submission or for the purchase of security.; n.: A stream or river flowing into a larger river or into a lake; an affluent.
Found on page(s): [63]

whose - whose, Definition(s): pron.: The possessive case of who or which. See Who and Which.
Found on page(s): [8, 18, 37, 40, 44, 74, 87, 100]

stockade - stockade, Definition(s): v. t.: A line of stout posts or timbers set firmly in the earth in contact with each other (and usually with loopholes) to form a barrier or defensive fortification.; v. t.: An inclosure or pen made with posts and stakes.; v. t.: To surround fortify or protect with a stockade.
Found on page(s): [38]

vineyard - vineyard, Definition(s): n.: An inclosure or yard for grapevines; a plantation of vines producing grapes.
Found on page(s): [86]

Holiness - Holiness, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being holy; perfect moral integrity or purity; freedom from sin; sanctity; innocence.; n.: The state of being hallowed or consecrated to God or to his worship; sacredness.
Found on page(s): [33]

beast, - beast,, Definition(s): n.: Any living creature; an animal; -- including man insects etc.; n.: Any four-footed animal that may be used for labor food or sport; as a beast of burden.; n.: As opposed to man: Any irrational animal.; n.: Fig.: A coarse brutal filthy or degraded fellow.; n.: A game at cards similar to loo.; n.: A penalty at beast omber etc. Hence: To be beasted to be beaten at beast omber etc.
Found on page(s): [50]

unlike - unlike, Definition(s): a.: Not like; dissimilar; diverse; having no resemblance; as the cases are unlike.; a.: Not likely; improbable; unlikely.
Found on page(s): [5, 61]

acquisition - acquisition, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of acquiring.; n.: The thing acquired or gained; an acquirement; a gain; as learning is an acquisition.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 99, 103]

self-complacent - self-complacent, Definition(s): a.: Satisfied with one's own character capacity and doings; self-satisfied.
Found on page(s): [70]

oligarchy - oligarchy, Definition(s): n.: A form of government in which the supreme power is placed in the hands of a few persons; also those who form the ruling few.
Found on page(s): [13]

mind - mind, Definition(s): v.: The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives judges or reasons; also the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body.; v.: The state at any given time of the faculties of thinking willing choosing and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief.; v.: Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will.; v.: Courage; spirit.; v.: Memory; remembrance; recollection; as to have or keep in mind to call to mind to put in mind etc.; n.: To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note.; n.: To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to; as to mind one's business.; n.: To obey; as to mind parents; the dog minds his master.; n.: To have in mind; to purpose.; n.: To put in mind; to remind.; v. i.: To give attention or heed; to obey; as the dog minds well.
Found on page(s): [5, 11, 15, 19, 20, 23, 24, 29, 32, 33, 43, 47, 52, 55, 85, 103]

secretly, - secretly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a secret manner.
Found on page(s): [54]

feet," - feet,", Definition(s): n. pl.: See Foot.; n.: Fact; performance.
Found on page(s): [106]

partly - partly, Definition(s): adv.: In part; in some measure of degree; not wholly.
Found on page(s): [15, 20, 21, 38, 41, 86]

requisite - requisite, Definition(s): n.: That which is required or is necessary; something indispensable.; a.: Required by the nature of things or by circumstances; so needful that it can not be dispensed with; necessary; indispensable.
Found on page(s): [17]

constrained - constrained, Definition(s): a.: Marked by constraint; not free; not voluntary; embarrassed; as a constrained manner; a constrained tone.
Found on page(s): [92]

taught - taught, Definition(s): a.: See Taut.; : imp. & p. p. of Teach.
Found on page(s): [50, 103]

concerned, - concerned,, Definition(s): v. t.: Disturbed; troubled; solicitous; as to be much concerned for the safety of a friend.
Found on page(s): [103]

Proverb. - Proverb., Definition(s): n.: An old and common saying; a phrase which is often repeated; especially a sentence which briefly and forcibly expresses some practical truth or the result of experience and observation; a maxim; a saw; an adage.; n.: A striking or paradoxical assertion; an obscure saying; an enigma; a parable.; n.: A familiar illustration; a subject of contemptuous reference.; n.: A drama exemplifying a proverb.; v. t.: To name in or as a proverb.; v. t.: To provide with a proverb.; v. i.: To write or utter proverbs.
Found on page(s): [52]

concerned. - concerned., Definition(s): v. t.: Disturbed; troubled; solicitous; as to be much concerned for the safety of a friend.
Found on page(s): [69]

die - die, Definition(s): v. i.: To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of by with from and rarely for before the cause or occasion of death; as to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought.; v. i.: To suffer death; to lose life.; v. i.: To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished.; v. i.: To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish with weakness discouragement love etc.; v. i.: To become indifferent; to cease to be subject; as to die to pleasure or to sin.; v. i.: To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away.; v. i.: To disappear gradually in another surface as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.; v. i.: To become vapid flat or spiritless as liquor.; n.: A small cube marked on its faces with spots from one to six and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice.; n.: Any small cubical or square body.; n.: That which is or might be determined by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.; n.: That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado.; n.: A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to or impress any desired device on an object or surface by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals coining striking up sheet metal etc.; n.: A perforated block commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch for punching holes as through plates or blanks from plates or for forming cups or capsules as from sheet metal by drawing.; n.: A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool made in one piece or composed of several parts for forming screw threads on bolts etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
Found on page(s): [21, 29, 34, 59, 105]

senator. - senator., Definition(s): n.: A member of a senate.; n.: A member of the king's council; a king's councilor.
Found on page(s): [96]

Furore - Furore, Definition(s): n.: Excitement; commotion; enthusiasm.
Found on page(s): [79]

Shortly - Shortly, Definition(s): adv.: In a short or brief time or manner; soon; quickly.; adv.: In few words; briefly; abruptly; curtly; as to express ideas more shortly in verse than in prose.
Found on page(s): [99]

besiege - besiege, Definition(s): v. t.: To beset or surround with armed forces for the purpose of compelling to surrender; to lay siege to; to beleaguer; to beset.
Found on page(s): [43, 82]

believing - believing, Definition(s): a.: That believes; having belief.
Found on page(s): [99]

virtue, - virtue,, Definition(s): n.: Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.; n.: Active quality or power; capacity or power adequate to the production of a given effect; energy; strength; potency; efficacy; as the virtue of a medicine.; n.: Energy or influence operating without contact of the material or sensible substance.; n.: Excellence; value; merit; meritoriousness; worth.; n.: Specifically moral excellence; integrity of character; purity of soul; performance of duty.; n.: A particular moral excellence; as the virtue of temperance of charity etc.; n.: Specifically: Chastity; purity; especially the chastity of women; virginity.; n.: One of the orders of the celestial hierarchy.
Found on page(s): [45]

shifting - shifting, Definition(s): a.: Changing in place position or direction; varying; variable; fickle; as shifting winds; shifting opinions or principles.; a.: Adapted or used for shifting anything.
Found on page(s): [6]

believe. - believe., Definition(s): n.: To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of upon evidence furnished by reasons arguments and deductions of the mind or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as to believe a person a statement or a doctrine.; v. i.: To have a firm persuasion esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [16]

believe, - believe,, Definition(s): n.: To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of upon evidence furnished by reasons arguments and deductions of the mind or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as to believe a person a statement or a doctrine.; v. i.: To have a firm persuasion esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [63, 74]

midst - midst, Definition(s): n.: The interior or central part or place; the middle; -- used chiefly in the objective case after in; as in the midst of the forest.; n.: Hence figuratively the condition of being surrounded or beset; the press; the burden; as in the midst of official duties; in the midst of secular affairs.; prep.: In the midst of; amidst.; adv.: In the middle.
Found on page(s): [11, 59, 102]

signal - signal, Definition(s): n.: A sign made for the purpose of giving notice to a person of some occurence command or danger; also a sign event or watchword which has been agreed upon as the occasion of concerted action.; n.: A token; an indication; a foreshadowing; a sign.; a.: Noticeable; distinguished from what is ordinary; eminent; remarkable; memorable; as a signal exploit; a signal service; a signal act of benevolence.; a.: Of or pertaining to signals or the use of signals in conveying information; as a signal flag or officer.; v. t.: To communicate by signals; as to signal orders.; v. t.: To notify by a signals; to make a signal or signals to; as to signal a fleet to anchor.
Found on page(s): [24, 89, 95]

possibly - possibly, Definition(s): adv.: In a possible manner; by possible means; especially by extreme remote or improbable intervention change or exercise of power; by a chance; perhaps; as possibly he may recover.
Found on page(s): [68, 96]

removal; - removal;, Definition(s): n.: The act of removing or the state of being removed.
Found on page(s): [54]

finally - finally, Definition(s): adv.: At the end or conclusion; ultimately; lastly; as the contest was long but the Romans finally conquered.; adv.: Completely; beyond recovery.
Found on page(s): [66, 87]

delight; - delight;, Definition(s): v. t.: A high degree of gratification of mind; a high- wrought state of pleasurable feeling; lively pleasure; extreme satisfaction; joy.; v. t.: That which gives great pleasure or delight.; v. t.: Licentious pleasure; lust.; v. t.: To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly; as a beautiful landscape delights the eye; harmony delights the ear.; v. i.: To have or take great delight or pleasure; to be greatly pleased or rejoiced; -- followed by an infinitive or by in.
Found on page(s): [1]

agreeable, - agreeable,, Definition(s): a.: Pleasing either to the mind or senses; pleasant; grateful; as agreeable manners or remarks; an agreeable person; fruit agreeable to the taste.; a.: Willing; ready to agree or consent.; a.: Agreeing or suitable; conformable; correspondent; concordant; adapted; -- followed by to rarely by with.; a.: In pursuance conformity or accordance; -- in this sense used adverbially for agreeably; as agreeable to the order of the day the House took up the report.
Found on page(s): [88]

learnt - learnt, Definition(s): : of Learn.
Found on page(s): [1, 87, 103]

Sir - Sir, Definition(s): n.: A man of social authority and dignity; a lord; a master; a gentleman; -- in this sense usually spelled sire.; n.: A title prefixed to the Christian name of a knight or a baronet.; n.: An English rendering of the LAtin Dominus the academical title of a bachelor of arts; -- formerly colloquially and sometimes contemptuously applied to the clergy.; n.: A respectful title used in addressing a man without being prefixed to his name; -- used especially in speaking to elders or superiors; sometimes also used in the way of emphatic formality.
Found on page(s): [37, 68]

occasion - occasion, Definition(s): n.: A falling out happening or coming to pass; hence that which falls out or happens; occurrence; incident.; n.: A favorable opportunity; a convenient or timely chance; convenience.; n.: An occurrence or condition of affairs which brings with it some unlooked-for event; that which incidentally brings to pass an event without being its efficient cause or sufficient reason; accidental or incidental cause.; n.: Need; exigency; requirement; necessity; as I have no occasion for firearms.; n.: A reason or excuse; a motive; a persuasion.; v. t.: To give occasion to; to cause; to produce; to induce; as to occasion anxiety.
Found on page(s): [86]

proportionate - proportionate, Definition(s): a.: Adjusted to something else according to a proportion; proportional.; v.: To make proportional; to adjust according to a settled rate or to due comparative relation; to proportion; as to proportionate punishment to crimes.
Found on page(s): [42]

rather - rather, Definition(s): a.: Prior; earlier; former.; a.: Earlier; sooner; before.; a.: More readily or willingly; preferably.; a.: On the other hand; to the contrary of what was said or suggested; instead.; a.: Of two alternatives conceived of this by preference to or as more likely than the other; somewhat.; a.: More properly; more correctly speaking.; a.: In some degree; somewhat; as the day is rather warm; the house is rather damp.
Found on page(s): [7, 8, 20, 22, 26, 27, 35, 40, 61, 62, 63, 67, 71, 72, 76, 91, 105]

importance - importance, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being important; consequence; weight; moment; significance.; n.: Subject; matter.; n.: Import; meaning; significance.; n.: Importunity; solicitation.
Found on page(s): [69, 94, 98]

stubborn, - stubborn,, Definition(s): a.: Firm as a stub or stump; stiff; unbending; unyielding; persistent; hence unreasonably obstinate in will or opinion; not yielding to reason or persuasion; refractory; harsh; -- said of persons and things; as stubborn wills; stubborn ore; a stubborn oak; as stubborn as a mule.
Found on page(s): [82]

repeat, - repeat,, Definition(s): v. t.: To go over again; to attempt do make or utter again; to iterate; to recite; as to repeat an effort an order or a poem.; v. t.: To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again.; v. t.: To repay or refund (an excess received).; n.: The act of repeating; repetition.; n.: That which is repeated; as the repeat of a pattern; that is the repetition of the engraved figure on a roller by which an impression is produced (as in calico printing etc.).; n.: A mark or series of dots placed before and after or often only at the end of a passage to be repeated in performance.
Found on page(s): [28]

worthy - worthy, Definition(s): n.: Having worth or excellence; possessing merit; valuable; deserving; estimable; excellent; virtuous.; n.: Having suitable adapted or equivalent qualities or value; -- usually with of before the thing compared or the object; more rarely with a following infinitive instead of of or with that; as worthy of equal in excellence value or dignity to; entitled to; meriting; -- usually in a good sense but sometimes in a bad one.; n.: Of high station; of high social position.; n.: A man of eminent worth or value; one distinguished for useful and estimable qualities; a person of conspicuous desert; -- much used in the plural; as the worthies of the church; political worthies; military worthies.; v. t.: To render worthy; to exalt into a hero.
Found on page(s): [1, 15, 20, 60]

endless - endless, Definition(s): a.: Without end; having no end or conclusion; perpetual; interminable; -- applied to length and to duration; as an endless line; endless time; endless bliss; endless praise; endless clamor.; a.: Infinite; excessive; unlimited.; a.: Without profitable end; fruitless; unsatisfying.; a.: Void of design; objectless; as an endless pursuit.
Found on page(s): [6, 19, 51, 59]

gallantly - gallantly, Definition(s): adv.: In a polite or courtly manner; like a gallant or wooer.; adv.: In a gallant manner.
Found on page(s): [67]

duration - duration, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of lasting; continuance in time; the portion of time during which anything exists.
Found on page(s): [3]

recollection, - recollection,, Definition(s): n.: The act of recollecting or recalling to the memory; the operation by which objects are recalled to the memory or ideas revived in the mind; reminiscence; remembrance.; n.: The power of recalling ideas to the mind or the period within which things can be recollected; remembrance; memory; as an event within my recollection.; n.: That which is recollected; something called to mind; reminiscence.; n.: The act or practice of collecting or concentrating the mind; concentration; self-control.
Found on page(s): [18]

compassion, - compassion,, Definition(s): n.: Literally suffering with another; a sensation of sorrow excited by the distress or misfortunes of another; pity; commiseration.; v. t.: To pity.
Found on page(s): [86]

faithful," - faithful,", Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [52]

exile. - exile., Definition(s): n.: Forced separation from one's native country; expulsion from one's home by the civil authority; banishment; sometimes voluntary separation from one's native country.; n.: The person expelled from his country by authority; also one who separates himself from his home.; v. t.: To banish or expel from one's own country or home; to drive away.; a.: Small; slender; thin; fine.
Found on page(s): [99]

evil. - evil., Definition(s): a.: Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.; a.: Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as evil conduct thoughts heart words and the like.; a.: Producing or threatening sorrow distress injury or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.; n.: Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.; n.: Moral badness or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience or by the will of the Supreme Being or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.; n.: malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil the scrofula.; adv.: In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Found on page(s): [44, 68]

Bid - Bid, Definition(s): : of Bid.; : of Bid.; v. t.: To make an offer of; to propose. Specifically : To offer to pay ( a certain price as for a thing put up at auction) or to take (a certain price as for work to be done under a contract).; v. t.: To offer in words; to declare as a wish a greeting a threat or defiance etc.; as to bid one welcome; to bid good morning farewell etc.; v. t.: To proclaim; to declare publicly; to make known.; v. t.: To order; to direct; to enjoin; to command.; v. t.: To invite; to call in; to request to come.; : imp. & p. p. of Bid.; n.: An offer of a price especially at auctions; a statement of a sum which one will give for something to be received or will take for something to be done or furnished; that which is offered.; v. t.: To pray.; v. t.: To make a bid; to state what one will pay or take.
Found on page(s): [48]

evil, - evil,, Definition(s): a.: Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.; a.: Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as evil conduct thoughts heart words and the like.; a.: Producing or threatening sorrow distress injury or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.; n.: Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.; n.: Moral badness or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience or by the will of the Supreme Being or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.; n.: malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil the scrofula.; adv.: In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Found on page(s): [7, 26, 28, 91]

prince - prince, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 11, 14, 16, 18, 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 34, 35, 38, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 74, 76, 83, 92, 104]

evil; - evil;, Definition(s): a.: Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.; a.: Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as evil conduct thoughts heart words and the like.; a.: Producing or threatening sorrow distress injury or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.; n.: Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.; n.: Moral badness or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience or by the will of the Supreme Being or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.; n.: malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil the scrofula.; adv.: In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Found on page(s): [58]

custom - custom, Definition(s): n.: Frequent repetition of the same act; way of acting common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; usage; method of doing or living.; n.: Habitual buying of goods; practice of frequenting as a shop manufactory etc. for making purchases or giving orders; business support.; n.: Long-established practice considered as unwritten law and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage and Prescription.; n.: Familiar aquaintance; familiarity.; v. t.: To make familiar; to accustom.; v. t.: To supply with customers.; v. i.: To have a custom.; n.: The customary toll tax or tribute.; n.: Duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities imported or exported.; v. t.: To pay the customs of.
Found on page(s): [36, 64]

length - length, Definition(s): a.: The longest or longer dimension of any object in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body parallel to its sides; as the length of a church or of a ship; the length of a rope or line.; a.: A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural.; a.: The quality or state of being long in space or time; extent; duration; as some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon and the length of his walk.; a.: A single piece or subdivision of a series or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together; as a length of pipe; a length of fence.; a.: Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as to pursue a subject to a great length.; a.: Distance.; v. t.: To lengthen.
Found on page(s): [19, 35, 101]

pernicious.'" - pernicious.'", Definition(s): a.: Quick; swift (to burn).; a.: Having the quality of injuring or killing; destructive; very mischievous; baleful; malicious; wicked.
Found on page(s): [52]

priest - priest, Definition(s): n.: One who is authorized to consecrate the host and to say Mass; but especially one of the lowest order possessing this power.; n.: A presbyter; one who belongs to the intermediate order between bishop and deacon. He is authorized to perform all ministerial services except those of ordination and confirmation.; n.: One who officiates at the altar or performs the rites of sacrifice; one who acts as a mediator between men and the divinity or the gods in any form of religion; as Buddhist priests.; v. t.: To ordain as priest.
Found on page(s): [86, 87, 88, 105]

permission - permission, Definition(s): n.: The act of permitting or allowing; formal consent; authorization; leave; license or liberty granted.
Found on page(s): [7]

Thereupon - Thereupon, Definition(s): adv.: Upon that or this; thereon.; adv.: On account or in consequence of that; therefore.; adv.: Immediately; at once; without delay.
Found on page(s): [20, 99]

arms, - arms,, Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [1, 14, 33, 34, 35, 36, 38, 39, 41, 42, 72, 78, 87, 93]

arms. - arms., Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [34, 35, 39, 62, 66, 67, 85]

Moro, - Moro,, Definition(s): n.: A small abscess or tumor having a resemblance to a mulberry.
Found on page(s): [4]

withstood - withstood, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: o/ Withstand.
Found on page(s): [3]

showing - showing, Definition(s): n.: Appearance; display; exhibition.; n.: Presentation of facts; statement.
Found on page(s): [51, 62, 69, 81, 86, 94]

fight." - fight.", Definition(s): v. i.: To strive or contend for victory with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat subdue or destroy an enemy either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against.; v. i.: To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance.; v. t.: To carry on or wage as a conflict or battle; to win or gain by struggle as one's way; to sustain by fighting as a cause.; v. t.: To contend with in battle; to war against; as they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours.; v. t.: To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight; as to fight cocks; to fight one's ship.; v. i.: A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory between individuals or between armies ships or navies etc.; v. i.: A struggle or contest of any kind.; v. i.: Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity; as he has a great deal of fight in him.; v. i.: A screen for the combatants in ships.
Found on page(s): [35]

band, - band,, Definition(s): v. t.: A fillet strap or any narrow ligament with which a thing is encircled or fastened or by which a number of things are tied bound together or confined; a fetter.; v. t.: A continuous tablet stripe or series of ornaments as of carved foliage of color or of brickwork etc.; v. t.: In Gothic architecture the molding or suite of moldings which encircles the pillars and small shafts.; v. t.: That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie.; v. t.: A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries.; v. t.: Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical legal or academic dress.; v. t.: A narrow strip of cloth or other material on any article of dress to bind strengthen ornament or complete it.; v. t.: A company of persons united in any common design especially a body of armed men.; v. t.: A number of musicians who play together upon portable musical instruments especially those making a loud sound as certain wind instruments (trumpets clarinets etc.) and drums or cymbals.; v. t.: A space between elevated lines or ribs as of the fruits of umbelliferous plants.; v. t.: A stripe streak or other mark transverse to the axis of the body.; v. t.: A belt or strap.; v. t.: Pledge; security.; v. t.: To bind or tie with a band.; v. t.: To mark with a band.; v. t.: To unite in a troop company or confederacy.; v. i.: To confederate for some common purpose; to unite; to conspire together.; v. t.: To bandy; to drive away.; : imp. of Bind.
Found on page(s): [84]

silence, - silence,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being silent; entire absence of sound or noise; absolute stillness.; n.: Forbearance from or absence of speech; taciturnity; muteness.; n.: Secrecy; as these things were transacted in silence.; n.: The cessation of rage agitation or tumilt; calmness; quiest; as the elements were reduced to silence.; n.: Absence of mention; oblivion.; interj.: Be silent; -- used elliptically for let there be silence or keep silence.; v. t.: To compel to silence; to cause to be still; to still; to hush.; v. t.: To put to rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To restrain from the exercise of any function privilege of instruction or the like especially from the act of preaching; as to silence a minister of the gospel.; v. t.: To cause to cease firing as by a vigorous cannonade; as to silence the batteries of an enemy.
Found on page(s): [97]

attempt - attempt, Definition(s): v. t.: To make trial or experiment of; to try; to endeavor to do or perform (some action); to assay; as to attempt to sing; to attempt a bold flight.; v. t.: To try to move by entreaty by afflictions or by temptations; to tempt.; v. t.: To try to win subdue or overcome; as one who attempts the virtue of a woman.; v. t.: To attack; to make an effort or attack upon; to try to take by force; as to attempt the enemy's camp.; v. i.: To make an attempt; -- with upon.; n.: A essay trial or endeavor; an undertaking; an attack or an effort to gain a point; esp. an unsuccessful as contrasted with a successful effort.
Found on page(s): [19, 102, 104]

worthy, - worthy,, Definition(s): n.: Having worth or excellence; possessing merit; valuable; deserving; estimable; excellent; virtuous.; n.: Having suitable adapted or equivalent qualities or value; -- usually with of before the thing compared or the object; more rarely with a following infinitive instead of of or with that; as worthy of equal in excellence value or dignity to; entitled to; meriting; -- usually in a good sense but sometimes in a bad one.; n.: Of high station; of high social position.; n.: A man of eminent worth or value; one distinguished for useful and estimable qualities; a person of conspicuous desert; -- much used in the plural; as the worthies of the church; political worthies; military worthies.; v. t.: To render worthy; to exalt into a hero.
Found on page(s): [35]

silence. - silence., Definition(s): n.: The state of being silent; entire absence of sound or noise; absolute stillness.; n.: Forbearance from or absence of speech; taciturnity; muteness.; n.: Secrecy; as these things were transacted in silence.; n.: The cessation of rage agitation or tumilt; calmness; quiest; as the elements were reduced to silence.; n.: Absence of mention; oblivion.; interj.: Be silent; -- used elliptically for let there be silence or keep silence.; v. t.: To compel to silence; to cause to be still; to still; to hush.; v. t.: To put to rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To restrain from the exercise of any function privilege of instruction or the like especially from the act of preaching; as to silence a minister of the gospel.; v. t.: To cause to cease firing as by a vigorous cannonade; as to silence the batteries of an enemy.
Found on page(s): [51]

thick - thick, Definition(s): superl.: Measuring in the third dimension other than length and breadth or in general dimension other than length; -- said of a solid body; as a timber seven inches thick.; superl.: Having more depth or extent from one surface to its opposite than usual; not thin or slender; as a thick plank; thick cloth; thick paper; thick neck.; superl.: Dense; not thin; inspissated; as thick vapors. Also used figuratively; as thick darkness.; superl.: Not transparent or clear; hence turbid muddy or misty; as the water of a river is apt to be thick after a rain.; superl.: Abundant close or crowded in space; closely set; following in quick succession; frequently recurring.; superl.: Not having due distinction of syllables or good articulation; indistinct; as a thick utterance.; superl.: Deep; profound; as thick sleep.; superl.: Dull; not quick; as thick of fearing.; superl.: Intimate; very friendly; familiar.; n.: The thickest part or the time when anything is thickest.; n.: A thicket; as gloomy thicks.; adv.: Frequently; fast; quick.; adv.: Closely; as a plat of ground thick sown.; adv.: To a great depth or to a greater depth than usual; as land covered thick with manure.; v. t. & i.: To thicken.
Found on page(s): [102]

door." - door.", Definition(s): n.: An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment by which to go in and out; an entrance way.; n.: The frame or barrier of boards or other material usually turning on hinges by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.; n.: Passage; means of approach or access.; n.: An entrance way but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Found on page(s): [107]

Virtue - Virtue, Definition(s): n.: Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.; n.: Active quality or power; capacity or power adequate to the production of a given effect; energy; strength; potency; efficacy; as the virtue of a medicine.; n.: Energy or influence operating without contact of the material or sensible substance.; n.: Excellence; value; merit; meritoriousness; worth.; n.: Specifically moral excellence; integrity of character; purity of soul; performance of duty.; n.: A particular moral excellence; as the virtue of temperance of charity etc.; n.: Specifically: Chastity; purity; especially the chastity of women; virginity.; n.: One of the orders of the celestial hierarchy.
Found on page(s): [79]

whereas - whereas, Definition(s): adv.: At which place; where.; conj.: Considering that; it being the case that; since; -- used to introduce a preamble which is the basis of declarations affirmations commands requests or like that follow.; conj.: When in fact; while on the contrary; the case being in truth that; although; -- implying opposition to something that precedes; or implying recognition of facts sometimes followed by a different statement and sometimes by inferences or something consequent.
Found on page(s): [9, 55, 57, 60, 62, 103]

fear - fear, Definition(s): n.: A variant of Fere a mate a companion.; n.: A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread.; n.: Apprehension of incurring or solicitude to avoid God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng.; n.: Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth.; n.: That which causes or which is the object of apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness.; n.: To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude.; n.: To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of.; n.: To be anxious or solicitous for.; n.: To suspect; to doubt.; n.: To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear.; v. i.: To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 12, 15, 19, 21, 23, 25, 28, 30, 31, 34, 36, 46, 49, 53, 54, 55, 56, 59, 60, 64, 65, 66, 68, 81, 87, 88, 92, 97, 104, 105, 107]

lying - lying, Definition(s): p. pr. & vb. n.: of Lie to tell a falsehood.; p. pr. & vb. n.: of Lie to be supported horizontally.
Found on page(s): [86]

sloth, - sloth,, Definition(s): n.: Slowness; tardiness.; n.: Disinclination to action or labor; sluggishness; laziness; idleness.; n.: Any one of several species of arboreal edentates constituting the family Bradypodidae and the suborder Tardigrada. They have long exserted limbs and long prehensile claws. Both jaws are furnished with teeth (see Illust. of Edentata) and the ears and tail are rudimentary. They inhabit South and Central America and Mexico.; v. i.: To be idle.
Found on page(s): [72]

adversity - adversity, Definition(s): n.: Opposition; contrariety.
Found on page(s): [28, 42]

consideration, - consideration,, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of considering; continuous careful thought; examination; contemplation; deliberation; attention.; n.: Attentive respect; appreciative regard; -- used especially in diplomatic or stately correspondence.; n.: Thoughtful or sympathetic regard or notice.; n.: Claim to notice or regard; some degree of importance or consequence.; n.: The result of delibration or of attention and examonation; matured opinion; a reflection; as considerations on the choice of a profession.; n.: That which is or should be taken into account as a ground of opinion or action; motive; reason.; n.: The cause which moves a contracting party to enter into an agreement; the material cause of a contract; the price of a stripulation; compensation; equivalent.
Found on page(s): [11, 67, 71]

oriental - oriental, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the orient or east; eastern; concerned with the East or Orientalism; -- opposed to occidental; as Oriental countries.; n.: A native or inhabitant of the Orient or some Eastern part of the world; an Asiatic.; n.: Eastern Christians of the Greek rite.
Found on page(s): [59]

coming. - coming., Definition(s): a.: Approaching; of the future especially the near future; the next; as the coming week or year; the coming exhibition.; a.: Ready to come; complaisant; fond.; n.: Approach; advent; manifestation; as the coming of the train.; n.: Specifically: The Second Advent of Christ.
Found on page(s): [103]

prince; - prince;, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [5, 31, 93]

fear, - fear,, Definition(s): n.: A variant of Fere a mate a companion.; n.: A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread.; n.: Apprehension of incurring or solicitude to avoid God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng.; n.: Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth.; n.: That which causes or which is the object of apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness.; n.: To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude.; n.: To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of.; n.: To be anxious or solicitous for.; n.: To suspect; to doubt.; n.: To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear.; v. i.: To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil.
Found on page(s): [6, 12, 21, 36, 48, 55, 56, 58, 75, 90]

Spaniard - Spaniard, Definition(s): n.: A native or inhabitant of Spain.
Found on page(s): [23]

timid, - timid,, Definition(s): a.: Wanting courage to meet danger; easily frightened; timorous; not bold; fearful; shy.
Found on page(s): [8]

virtuous - virtuous, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or exhibiting virtue.; a.: Exhibiting manly courage and strength; valorous; valiant; brave.; a.: Having power or efficacy; powerfully operative; efficacious; potent.; a.: Having moral excellence; characterized by morality; upright; righteous; pure; as a virtuous action.; a.: Chaste; pure; -- applied especially to women.
Found on page(s): [76]

deflect - deflect, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to turn aside; to bend; as rays of light are often deflected.; v. i.: To turn aside; to deviate from a right or a horizontal line or from a proper position course or direction; to swerve.
Found on page(s): [103]

prince. - prince., Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [4, 11, 16, 25, 69, 79, 107]

legitimate - legitimate, Definition(s): a.: Accordant with law or with established legal forms and requirements; lawful; as legitimate government; legitimate rights; the legitimate succession to the throne; a legitimate proceeding of an officer; a legitimate heir.; a.: Lawfully begotten; born in wedlock.; a.: Authorized; real; genuine; not false counterfeit or spurious; as legitimate poems of Chaucer; legitimate inscriptions.; a.: Conforming to known principles or accepted rules; as legitimate reasoning; a legitimate standard or method; a legitimate combination of colors.; a.: Following by logical sequence; reasonable; as a legitimate result; a legitimate inference.; v. t.: To make legitimate lawful or valid; esp. to put in the position or state of a legitimate person before the law by legal means; as to legitimate a bastard child.
Found on page(s): [51]

interval - interval, Definition(s): n.: A space between things; a void space intervening between any two objects; as an interval between two houses or hills.; n.: Space of time between any two points or events; as the interval between the death of Charles I. of England and the accession of Charles II.; n.: A brief space of time between the recurrence of similar conditions or states; as the interval between paroxysms of pain; intervals of sanity or delirium.; n.: Difference in pitch between any two tones.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [90]

whereby - whereby, Definition(s): adv.: By which; -- used relatively.; adv.: By what; how; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [15, 39]

prince, - prince,, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 4, 11, 12, 13, 14, 27, 31, 40, 44, 46, 47, 49, 50, 52, 55, 57, 58, 61, 63, 64, 65, 69, 71, 72, 76, 78, 81, 92, 95]

renown - renown, Definition(s): v.: The state of being much known and talked of; exalted reputation derived from the extensive praise of great achievements or accomplishments; fame; celebrity; -- always in a good sense.; v.: Report of nobleness or exploits; praise.; v. t.: To make famous; to give renown to.
Found on page(s): [38, 59, 63, 92]

nobility - nobility, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being noble; superiority of mind or of character; commanding excellence; eminence.; n.: The state of being of high rank or noble birth; patrician dignity; antiquity of family; distinction by rank station or title whether inherited or conferred.; n.: Those who are noble; the collictive body of nobles or titled persons in a stste; the aristocratic and patrician class; the peerage; as the English nobility.
Found on page(s): [48, 56]

Bologna - Bologna, Definition(s): n.: A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.; n.: A Bologna sausage.
Found on page(s): [55, 64]

upset - upset, Definition(s): v. t.: To set up; to put upright.; v. t.: To thicken and shorten as a heated piece of iron by hammering on the end.; v. t.: To shorten (a tire) in the process of resetting originally by cutting it and hammering on the ends.; v. t.: To overturn overthrow or overset; as to upset a carriage; to upset an argument.; v. t.: To disturb the self-possession of; to disorder the nerves of; to make ill; as the fright upset her.; v. i.: To become upset.; a.: Set up; fixed; determined; -- used chiefly or only in the phrase upset price; that is the price fixed upon as the minimum for property offered in a public sale or in an auction the price at which property is set up or started by the auctioneer and the lowest price at which it will be sold.; n.: The act of upsetting or the state of being upset; an overturn; as the wagon had an upset.
Found on page(s): [19]

whale"; - whale";, Definition(s): n.: Any aquatic mammal of the order Cetacea especially any one of the large species some of which become nearly one hundred feet long. Whales are hunted chiefly for their oil and baleen or whalebone.
Found on page(s): [104]

cleanse - cleanse, Definition(s): v. t.: To render clean; to free from fith pollution infection guilt etc.; to clean.
Found on page(s): [76]

scattered - scattered, Definition(s): a.: Dispersed; dissipated; sprinkled or loosely spread.; a.: Irregular in position; having no regular order; as scattered leaves.
Found on page(s): [19, 76, 98]

mention - mention, Definition(s): n.: A speaking or notice of anything -- usually in a brief or cursory manner. Used especially in the phrase to make mention of.; v. t.: To make mention of; to speak briefly of; to name.
Found on page(s): [53]

condemnation - condemnation, Definition(s): n.: The act of condemning or pronouncing to be wrong; censure; blame; disapprobation.; n.: The act of judicially condemning or adjudging guilty unfit for use or forfeited; the act of dooming to punishment or forfeiture.; n.: The state of being condemned.; n.: The ground or reason of condemning.
Found on page(s): [55]

nurse - nurse, Definition(s): n.: One who nourishes; a person who supplies food tends or brings up; as: (a) A woman who has the care of young children; especially one who suckles an infant not her own. (b) A person especially a woman who has the care of the sick or infirm.; n.: One who or that which brings up rears causes to grow trains fosters or the like.; n.: A lieutenant or first officer who is the real commander when the captain is unfit for his place.; n.: A peculiar larva of certain trematodes which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction. See Cercaria and Redia.; n.: Either one of the nurse sharks.; v. t.: To nourish at the breast; to suckle; to feed and tend as an infant.; v. t.: To take care of or tend as a sick person or an invalid; to attend upon.; v. t.: To bring up; to raise by care from a weak or invalid condition; to foster; to cherish; -- applied to plants animals and to any object that needs or thrives by attention.; v. t.: To manage with care and economy with a view to increase; as to nurse our national resources.; v. t.: To caress; to fondle as a nurse does.
Found on page(s): [87]

accumulate - accumulate, Definition(s): v. t.: To heap up in a mass; to pile up; to collect or bring together; to amass; as to accumulate a sum of money.; v. i.: To grow or increase in quantity or number; to increase greatly.; a.: Collected; accumulated.
Found on page(s): [33]

stand - stand, Definition(s): n.: To be supported on the feet in an erect or nearly erect position; -- opposed to lie sit kneel etc.; n.: To continue upright in a certain locality as a tree fixed by the roots or a building resting on its foundation.; n.: To occupy or hold a place; to have a situation; to be situated or located; as Paris stands on the Seine.; n.: To cease from progress; not to proceed; to stop; to pause; to halt; to remain stationary.; n.: To remain without ruin or injury; to hold good against tendencies to impair or injure; to be permanent; to endure; to last; hence to find endurance strength or resources.; n.: To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.; n.: To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed steady or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.; n.: To adhere to fixed principles; to maintain moral rectitude; to keep from falling into error or vice.; n.: To have or maintain a position order or rank; to be in a particular relation; as Christian charity or love stands first in the rank of gifts.; n.: To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.; n.: To be consistent; to agree; to accord.; n.: To hold a course at sea; as to stand from the shore; to stand for the harbor.; n.: To offer one's self or to be offered as a candidate.; n.: To stagnate; not to flow; to be motionless.; n.: To measure when erect on the feet.; n.: To be or remain as it is; to continue in force; to have efficacy or validity; to abide.; n.: To appear in court.; v. t.: To endure; to sustain; to bear; as I can not stand the cold or the heat.; v. t.: To resist without yielding or receding; to withstand.; v. t.: To abide by; to submit to; to suffer.; v. t.: To set upright; to cause to stand; as to stand a book on the shelf; to stand a man on his feet.; v. t.: To be at the expense of; to pay for; as to stand a treat.; v. i.: The act of standing.; v. i.: A halt or stop for the purpose of defense resistance or opposition; as to come to or to make a stand.; v. i.: A place or post where one stands; a place where one may stand while observing or waiting for something.; v. i.: A station in a city or town where carriages or wagons stand for hire; as a cab stand.; v. i.: A raised platform or station where a race or other outdoor spectacle may be viewed; as the judge's or the grand stand at a race course.; v. i.: A small table; also something on or in which anything may be laid hung or placed upright; as a hat stand; an umbrella stand; a music stand.; v. i.: A place where a witness stands to testify in court.; v. i.: The situation of a shop store hotel etc.; as a good bad or convenient stand for business.; v. i.: Rank; post; station; standing.; v. i.: A state of perplexity or embarrassment; as to be at a stand what to do.; v. i.: A young tree usually reserved when other trees are cut; also a tree growing or standing upon its own root in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock either of the same or another kind of tree.; v. i.: A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds -- used in weighing pitch.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 13, 17, 19, 34, 41, 44, 52, 67, 70, 75, 89, 101]

surround - surround, Definition(s): v. t.: To inclose on all sides; to encompass; to environ.; v. t.: To lie or be on all sides of; to encircle; as a wall surrounds the city.; v. t.: To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate; as to surround the world.; v. t.: To inclose as a body of troops between hostile forces so as to cut off means of communication or retreat; to invest as a city.; n.: A method of hunting some animals as the buffalo by surrounding a herd and driving them over a precipice into a ravine etc.
Found on page(s): [38]

twenty - twenty, Definition(s): a.: One more that nineteen; twice; as twenty men.; a.: An indefinite number more or less that twenty.; n.: The number next following nineteen; the sum of twelve and eight or twice ten; twenty units or objects; a score.; n.: A symbol representing twenty units as 20 or xx.
Found on page(s): [38, 78, 93, 96, 99, 102]

bridge, - bridge,, Definition(s): n.: A structure usually of wood stone brick or iron erected over a river or other water course or over a chasm railroad etc. to make a passageway from one bank to the other.; n.: Anything supported at the ends which serves to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned as in engraving watchmaking etc. or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed.; n.: The small arch or bar at right angles to the strings of a violin guitar etc. serving of raise them and transmit their vibrations to the body of the instrument.; n.: A device to measure the resistance of a wire or other conductor forming part of an electric circuit.; n.: A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace for deflecting flame etc.; -- usually called a bridge wall.; v. t.: To build a bridge or bridges on or over; as to bridge a river.; v. t.: To open or make a passage as by a bridge.; v. t.: To find a way of getting over as a difficulty; -- generally with over.
Found on page(s): [80]

forward - forward, Definition(s): n.: An agreement; a covenant; a promise.; adv.: Alt.; a.: Near or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as the forward gun in a ship or the forward ship in a fleet.; a.: Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense overready; to hasty.; a.: Ardent; eager; earnest; in an ill sense less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident; as the boy is too forward for his years.; a.: Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season; as the grass is forward or forward for the season; we have a forward spring.; v. t.: To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten; as to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement.; v. t.: To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit; as to forward a letter.
Found on page(s): [28, 54, 83, 90, 95, 97, 100, 101]

Roman - Roman, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Rome or the Roman people; like or characteristic of Rome the Roman people or things done by Romans; as Roman fortitude; a Roman aqueduct; Roman art.; a.: Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic religion; professing that religion.; a.: Upright; erect; -- said of the letters or kind of type ordinarily used as distinguished from Italic characters.; a.: Expressed in letters not in figures as I. IV. i. iv. etc.; -- said of numerals as distinguished from the Arabic numerals 1 4 etc.; n.: A native or permanent resident of Rome; a citizen of Rome or one upon whom certain rights and privileges of a Roman citizen were conferred.; n.: Roman type letters or print collectively; -- in distinction from Italics.
Found on page(s): [21, 29, 41, 49, 56, 57, 60, 67, 71, 79, 96]

addict - addict, Definition(s): p. p.: Addicted; devoted.; v. t.: To apply habitually; to devote; to habituate; -- with to.; v. t.: To adapt; to make suitable; to fit.
Found on page(s): [43]

dissembler; - dissembler;, Definition(s): n.: One who dissembles; one who conceals his opinions or dispositions under a false appearance; a hypocrite.
Found on page(s): [51]

success. - success., Definition(s): n.: Act of succeeding; succession.; n.: That which comes after; hence consequence issue or result of an endeavor or undertaking whether good or bad; the outcome of effort.; n.: The favorable or prosperous termination of anything attempted; the attainment of a proposed object; prosperous issue.; n.: That which meets with or one who accomplishes favorable results as a play or a player.
Found on page(s): [20, 75]

success, - success,, Definition(s): n.: Act of succeeding; succession.; n.: That which comes after; hence consequence issue or result of an endeavor or undertaking whether good or bad; the outcome of effort.; n.: The favorable or prosperous termination of anything attempted; the attainment of a proposed object; prosperous issue.; n.: That which meets with or one who accomplishes favorable results as a play or a player.
Found on page(s): [15, 99]

warlike - warlike, Definition(s): a.: Fit for war; disposed for war; as a warlike state; a warlike disposition.; a.: Belonging or relating to war; military; martial.
Found on page(s): [57, 59, 60, 72]

ability. - ability., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being able; power to perform whether physical moral intellectual conventional or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength skill resources etc.; -- in the plural faculty talent.
Found on page(s): [2, 21]

sprung - sprung, Definition(s): : of Spring.; : imp. & p. p. of Spring.; a.: Said of a spar that has been cracked or strained.
Found on page(s): [19, 55]

ability, - ability,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being able; power to perform whether physical moral intellectual conventional or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength skill resources etc.; -- in the plural faculty talent.
Found on page(s): [16, 17, 18, 21, 68, 71]

"Nam - "Nam, Definition(s): : Am not.; : imp. of Nim.
Found on page(s): [51]

winning, - winning,, Definition(s): a.: Attracting; adapted to gain favor; charming; as a winning address.; n.: The act of obtaining something as in a contest or by competition.; n.: The money etc. gained by success in competition or contest esp in gambling; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A new opening.; n.: The portion of a coal field out for working.
Found on page(s): [39]

marriage(*) - marriage(*), Definition(s): v. t.: The act of marrying or the state of being married; legal union of a man and a woman for life as husband and wife; wedlock; matrimony.; v. t.: The marriage vow or contract.; v. t.: A feast made on the occasion of a marriage.; v. t.: Any intimate or close union.
Found on page(s): [10]

province, - province,, Definition(s): n.: A country or region more or less remote from the city of Rome brought under the Roman government; a conquered country beyond the limits of Italy.; n.: A country or region dependent on a distant authority; a portion of an empire or state esp. one remote from the capital.; n.: A region of country; a tract; a district.; n.: A region under the supervision or direction of any special person; the district or division of a country especially an ecclesiastical division over which one has jurisdiction; as the province of Canterbury or that in which the archbishop of Canterbury exercises ecclesiastical authority.; n.: The proper or appropriate business or duty of a person or body; office; charge; jurisdiction; sphere.; n.: Specif.: Any political division of the Dominion of Canada having a governor a local legislature and representation in the Dominion parliament. Hence colloquially The Provinces the Dominion of Canada.
Found on page(s): [64]

terrible - terrible, Definition(s): a.: Adapted or likely to excite terror awe or dread; dreadful; formidable.; a.: Excessive; extreme; severe.
Found on page(s): [49, 104]

waste - waste, Definition(s): a.: Desolate; devastated; stripped; bare; hence dreary; dismal; gloomy; cheerless.; a.: Lying unused; unproductive; worthless; valueless; refuse; rejected; as waste land; waste paper.; a.: Lost for want of occupiers or use; superfluous.; a.: To bring to ruin; to devastate; to desolate; to destroy.; a.: To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out.; a.: To spend unnecessarily or carelessly; to employ prodigally; to expend without valuable result; to apply to useless purposes; to lavish vainly; to squander; to cause to be lost; to destroy by scattering or injury.; a.: To damage impair or injure as an estate voluntarily or by suffering the buildings fences etc. to go to decay.; v. i.: To be diminished; to lose bulk substance strength value or the like gradually; to be consumed; to dwindle; to grow less.; v. i.: To procure or sustain a reduction of flesh; -- said of a jockey in preparation for a race etc.; v.: The act of wasting or the state of being wasted; a squandering; needless destruction; useless consumption or expenditure; devastation; loss without equivalent gain; gradual loss or decrease by use wear or decay; as a waste of property time labor words etc.; v.: That which is wasted or desolate; a devastated uncultivated or wild country; a deserted region; an unoccupied or unemployed space; a dreary void; a desert; a wilderness.; v.: That which is of no value; worthless remnants; refuse. Specifically: Remnants of cops or other refuse resulting from the working of cotton wool hemp and the like used for wiping machinery absorbing oil in the axle boxes of railway cars etc.; v.: Spoil destruction or injury done to houses woods fences lands etc. by a tenant for life or for years to the prejudice of the heir or of him in reversion or remainder.; v.: Old or abandoned workings whether left as vacant space or filled with refuse.
Found on page(s): [49]

daybreak - daybreak, Definition(s): n.: The time of the first appearance of light in the morning.
Found on page(s): [83]

burnt, - burnt,, Definition(s): : of Burn.; p. p. & a.: Consumed with or as with fire; scorched or dried as with fire or heat; baked or hardened in the fire or the sun.
Found on page(s): [31]

bearing - bearing, Definition(s): n.: The manner in which one bears or conducts one's self; mien; behavior; carriage.; n.: Patient endurance; suffering without complaint.; n.: The situation of one object with respect to another such situation being supposed to have a connection with the object or influence upon it or to be influenced by it; hence relation; connection.; n.: Purport; meaning; intended significance; aspect.; n.: The act power or time of producing or giving birth; as a tree in full bearing; a tree past bearing.; n.: That part of any member of a building which rests upon its supports; as a lintel or beam may have four inches of bearing upon the wall.; n.: The portion of a support on which anything rests.; n.: Improperly the unsupported span; as the beam has twenty feet of bearing between its supports.; n.: The part of an axle or shaft in contact with its support collar or boxing; the journal.; n.: The part of the support on which a journal rests and rotates.; n.: Any single emblem or charge in an escutcheon or coat of arms -- commonly in the pl.; n.: The situation of a distant object with regard to a ship's position as on the bow on the lee quarter etc.; the direction or point of the compass in which an object is seen; as the bearing of the cape was W. N. W.; n.: The widest part of a vessel below the plank-sheer.; n.: The line of flotation of a vessel when properly trimmed with cargo or ballast.
Found on page(s): [73, 85, 88]

embroil - embroil, Definition(s): v. t.: To throw into confusion or commotion by contention or discord; to entangle in a broil or quarrel; to make confused; to distract; to involve in difficulties by dissension or strife.; v. t.: To implicate in confusion; to complicate; to jumble.; n.: See Embroilment.
Found on page(s): [19]

unaccustomed - unaccustomed, Definition(s): a.: Not used; not habituated; unfamiliar; unused; -- which to.; a.: Not usual; uncommon; strange; new.
Found on page(s): [38]

pressure - pressure, Definition(s): n.: The act of pressing or the condition of being pressed; compression; a squeezing; a crushing; as a pressure of the hand.; n.: A contrasting force or impulse of any kind; as the pressure of poverty; the pressure of taxes; the pressure of motives on the mind; the pressure of civilization.; n.: Affliction; distress; grievance.; n.: Urgency; as the pressure of business.; n.: Impression; stamp; character impressed.; n.: The action of a force against some obstacle or opposing force; a force in the nature of a thrust distributed over a surface often estimated with reference to the upon a unit's area.
Found on page(s): [99]

conspire. - conspire., Definition(s): v. i.: To make an agreement esp. a secret agreement to do some act as to commit treason or a crime or to do some unlawful deed; to plot together.; v. i.: To concur to one end; to agree.; v. t.: To plot; to plan; to combine for.
Found on page(s): [55]

feed - feed, Definition(s): v. t.: To give food to; to supply with nourishment; to satisfy the physical huger of.; v. t.: To satisfy; grafity or minister to as any sense talent taste or desire.; v. t.: To fill the wants of; to supply with that which is used or wasted; as springs feed ponds; the hopper feeds the mill; to feed a furnace with coal.; v. t.: To nourish in a general sense; to foster strengthen develop and guard.; v. t.: To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding as herbage by cattle; as if grain is too forward in autumn feed it with sheep.; v. t.: To give for food especially to animals; to furnish for consumption; as to feed out turnips to the cows; to feed water to a steam boiler.; v. t.: To supply (the material to be operated upon) to a machine; as to feed paper to a printing press.; v. t.: To produce progressive operation upon or with (as in wood and metal working machines so that the work moves to the cutting tool or the tool to the work).; v. i.: To take food; to eat.; v. i.: To subject by eating; to satisfy the appetite; to feed one's self (upon something); to prey; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To be nourished strengthened or satisfied as if by food.; v. i.: To place cattle to feed; to pasture; to graze.; n.: That which is eaten; esp. food for beasts; fodder; pasture; hay; grain ground or whole; as the best feed for sheep.; n.: A grazing or pasture ground.; n.: An allowance of provender given to a horse cow etc.; a meal; as a feed of corn or oats.; n.: A meal or the act of eating.; n.: The water supplied to steam boilers.; n.: The motion or act of carrying forward the stuff to be operated upon as cloth to the needle in a sewing machine; or of producing progressive operation upon any material or object in a machine as in a turning lathe by moving the cutting tool along or in the work.; n.: The supply of material to a machine as water to a steam boiler coal to a furnace or grain to a run of stones.; n.: The mechanism by which the action of feeding is produced; a feed motion.
Found on page(s): [106]

originate - originate, Definition(s): v. t.: To give an origin or beginning to; to cause to be; to bring into existence; to produce as new.; v. i.: To take first existence; to have origin or beginning; to begin to exist or act; as the scheme originated with the governor and council.
Found on page(s): [48]

compass - compass, Definition(s): n.: A passing round; circuit; circuitous course.; n.: An inclosing limit; boundary; circumference; as within the compass of an encircling wall.; n.: An inclosed space; an area; extent.; n.: Extent; reach; sweep; capacity; sphere; as the compass of his eye; the compass of imagination.; n.: Moderate bounds limits of truth; moderation; due limits; -- used with within.; n.: The range of notes or tones within the capacity of a voice or instrument.; n.: An instrument for determining directions upon the earth's surface by means of a magnetized bar or needle turning freely upon a pivot and pointing in a northerly and southerly direction.; n.: A pair of compasses.; n.: A circle; a continent.; v. t.: To go about or entirely round; to make the circuit of.; v. t.: To inclose on all sides; to surround; to encircle; to environ; to invest; to besiege; -- used with about round around and round about.; v. t.: To reach round; to circumvent; to get within one's power; to obtain; to accomplish.; v. t.: To curve; to bend into a circular form.; v. t.: To purpose; to intend; to imagine; to plot.
Found on page(s): [16, 57]

riches, - riches,, Definition(s): a.: That which makes one rich; an abundance of land goods money or other property; wealth; opulence; affluence.; a.: That which appears rich sumptuous precious or the like.
Found on page(s): [74, 87]

noted. - noted., Definition(s): a.: Well known by reputation or report; eminent; celebrated; as a noted author or traveler.
Found on page(s): [50]

great-grandson - great-grandson, Definition(s): n.: A son of one's grandson or granddaughter.
Found on page(s): [104]

constitution - constitution, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of constituting; the action of enacting establishing or appointing; enactment; establishment; formation.; n.: The state of being; that form of being or structure and connection of parts which constitutes and characterizes a system or body; natural condition; structure; texture; conformation.; n.: The aggregate of all one's inherited physical qualities; the aggregate of the vital powers of an individual with reference to ability to endure hardship resist disease etc.; as a robust constitution.; n.: The aggregate of mental qualities; temperament.; n.: The fundamental organic law or principles of government of men embodied in written documents or implied in the institutions and usages of the country or society; also a written instrument embodying such organic law and laying down fundamental rules and principles for the conduct of affairs.; n.: An authoritative ordinance regulation or enactment; especially one made by a Roman emperor or one affecting ecclesiastical doctrine or discipline; as the constitutions of Justinian.
Found on page(s): [61]

shelter; - shelter;, Definition(s): n.: That which covers or defends from injury or annoyance; a protection; a screen.; n.: One who protects; a guardian; a defender.; n.: The state of being covered and protected; protection; security.; v. t.: To be a shelter for; to provide with a shelter; to cover from injury or annoyance; to shield; to protect.; v. t.: To screen or cover from notice; to disguise.; v. t.: To betake to cover or to a safe place; -- used reflexively.; v. i.: To take shelter.
Found on page(s): [9]

faith," - faith,", Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [52]

fidelity - fidelity, Definition(s): n.: Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty or discharge of obligations.; n.: Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.; n.: Adherence to the marriage contract.; n.: Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Found on page(s): [34, 36, 40, 63]

constraint. - constraint., Definition(s): n.: The act of constraining or the state of being constrained; that which compels to or restrains from action; compulsion; restraint; necessity.
Found on page(s): [71]

far-seeing - far-seeing, Definition(s): a.: Able to see to a great distance; farsighted.; a.: Having foresight as regards the future.
Found on page(s): [28]

repeat - repeat, Definition(s): v. t.: To go over again; to attempt do make or utter again; to iterate; to recite; as to repeat an effort an order or a poem.; v. t.: To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again.; v. t.: To repay or refund (an excess received).; n.: The act of repeating; repetition.; n.: That which is repeated; as the repeat of a pattern; that is the repetition of the engraved figure on a roller by which an impression is produced (as in calico printing etc.).; n.: A mark or series of dots placed before and after or often only at the end of a passage to be repeated in performance.
Found on page(s): [26]

brother. - brother., Definition(s): n.: A male person who has the same father and mother with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case he is more definitely called a half brother or brother of the half blood.; n.: One related or closely united to another by some common tie or interest as of rank profession membership in a society toil suffering etc.; -- used among judges clergymen monks physicians lawyers professors of religion etc.; n.: One who or that which resembles another in distinctive qualities or traits of character.; v. t.: To make a brother of; to call or treat as a brother; to admit to a brotherhood.
Found on page(s): [86]

justification - justification, Definition(s): n.: The act of justifying or the state of being justified; a showing or proving to be just or conformable to law justice right or duty; defense; vindication; support; as arguments in justification of the prisoner's conduct; his disobedience admits justification.; n.: The showing in court of a sufficient lawful reason why a party charged or accused did that for which he is called to answer.; n.: The act of justifying or the state of being justified in respect to God's requirements.; n.: Adjustment of type by spacing it so as to make it exactly fill a line or of a cut so as to hold it in the right place; also the leads quads etc. used for making such adjustment.
Found on page(s): [49]

progress, - progress,, Definition(s): n.: In actual space as the progress of a ship carriage etc.; n.: In the growth of an animal or plant; increase.; n.: In business of any kind; as the progress of a negotiation; the progress of art.; n.: In knowledge; in proficiency; as the progress of a child at school.; n.: Toward ideal completeness or perfection in respect of quality or condition; -- applied to individuals communities or the race; as social moral religious or political progress.; n.: A journey of state; a circuit; especially one made by a sovereign through parts of his own dominions.; v. i.: To make progress; to move forward in space; to continue onward in course; to proceed; to advance; to go on; as railroads are progressing.; v. i.: To make improvement; to advance.; v. t.: To make progress in; to pass through.
Found on page(s): [35, 37]

met - met, Definition(s): : A prefix meaning between with after behind over about reversely; as metachronism the error of placing after the correct time; metaphor lit. a carrying over; metathesis a placing reversely.; : Other; duplicate corresponding to; resembling; hence metameric; as meta-arabinic metaldehyde.; : That two replacing radicals in the benzene nucleus occupy the relative positions of 1 and 3 2 and 4 3 and 5 4 and 6 5 and 1 or 6 and 2; as metacresol etc. See Ortho- and Para-.; : Having less than the highest number of hydroxyl groups; -- said of acids; as metaphosphoric acid. Also used adjectively.
Found on page(s): [61, 75, 92, 95, 100, 101]

narrow, - narrow,, Definition(s): superl.: Of little breadth; not wide or broad; having little distance from side to side; as a narrow board; a narrow street; a narrow hem.; superl.: Of little extent; very limited; circumscribed.; superl.: Having but a little margin; having barely sufficient space time or number etc.; close; near; -- with special reference to some peril or misfortune; as a narrow shot; a narrow escape; a narrow majority.; superl.: Limited as to means; straitened; pinching; as narrow circumstances.; superl.: Contracted; of limited scope; illiberal; bigoted; as a narrow mind; narrow views.; superl.: Parsimonious; niggardly; covetous; selfish.; superl.: Scrutinizing in detail; close; accurate; exact.; superl.: Formed (as a vowel) by a close position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate; or (according to Bell) by a tense condition of the pharynx; -- distinguished from wide; as e (eve) and / (f/d) etc. from i (ill) and / (f/t) etc. See Guide to Pronunciation / 13.; n.: A narrow passage; esp. a contracted part of a stream lake or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water; -- usually in the plural; as The Narrows of New York harbor.; v. t.: To lessen the breadth of; to contract; to draw into a smaller compass; to reduce the width or extent of.; v. t.: To contract the reach or sphere of; to make less liberal or more selfish; to limit; to confine; to restrict; as to narrow one's views or knowledge; to narrow a question in discussion.; v. t.: To contract the size of as a stocking by taking two stitches into one.; v. i.: To become less broad; to contract; to become narrower; as the sea narrows into a strait.; v. i.: Not to step out enough to the one hand or the other; as a horse narrows.; v. i.: To contract the size of a stocking or other knit article by taking two stitches into one.
Found on page(s): [96]

wicked - wicked, Definition(s): a.: Having a wick; -- used chiefly in composition; as a two-wicked lamp.; a.: Evil in principle or practice; deviating from morality; contrary to the moral or divine law; addicted to vice or sin; sinful; immoral; profligate; -- said of persons and things; as a wicked king; a wicked woman; a wicked deed; wicked designs.; a.: Cursed; baneful; hurtful; bad; pernicious; dangerous.; a.: Ludicrously or sportively mischievous; disposed to mischief; roguish.
Found on page(s): [23, 25, 105]

ingratitude - ingratitude, Definition(s): n.: Want of gratitude; insensibility to forgetfulness of or ill return for kindness or favors received; unthankfulness; ungratefulness.
Found on page(s): [59, 67]

Bold; - Bold;, Definition(s): n.: Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.; n.: Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.; n.: In a bad sense too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.; n.: Somewhat overstepping usual bounds or conventional rules as in art literature etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as the figures of an author are bold.; n.: Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.; n.: Steep; abrupt; prominent.; v. t.: To make bold or daring.; v. i.: To be or become bold.
Found on page(s): [71]

brocaded - brocaded, Definition(s): a.: Woven or worked as brocade with gold and silver or with raised flowers etc.; a.: Dressed in brocade.
Found on page(s): [96]

exactly - exactly, Definition(s): adv.: In an exact manner; precisely according to a rule standard or fact; accurately; strictly; correctly; nicely.
Found on page(s): [90]

direction, - direction,, Definition(s): n.: The act of directing of aiming regulating guiding or ordering; guidance; management; superintendence; administration; as the direction o/ public affairs or of a bank.; n.: That which is imposed by directing; a guiding or authoritative instruction; prescription; order; command; as he grave directions to the servants.; n.: The name and residence of a person to whom any thing is sent written upon the thing sent; superscription; address; as the direction of a letter.; n.: The line or course upon which anything is moving or aimed to move or in which anything is lying or pointing; aim; line or point of tendency; direct line or course; as the ship sailed in a southeasterly direction.; n.: The body of managers of a corporation or enterprise; board of directors.; n.: The pointing of a piece with reference to an imaginary vertical axis; -- distinguished from elevation. The direction is given when the plane of sight passes through the object.
Found on page(s): [86]

rapidly - rapidly, Definition(s): adv.: In a rapid manner.
Found on page(s): [47, 90, 92, 102]

understanding, - understanding,, Definition(s): a.: Knowing; intelligent; skillful; as he is an understanding man.; n.: The act of one who understands a thing in any sense of the verb; knowledge; discernment; comprehension; interpretation; explanation.; n.: An agreement of opinion or feeling; adjustment of differences; harmony; anything mutually understood or agreed upon; as to come to an understanding with another.; n.: The power to understand; the intellectual faculty; the intelligence; the rational powers collectively conceived an designated; the higher capacities of the intellect; the power to distinguish truth from falsehood and to adapt means to ends.; n.: Specifically the discursive faculty; the faculty of knowing by the medium or use of general conceptions or relations. In this sense it is contrasted with and distinguished from the reason.
Found on page(s): [69]

tyrannical - tyrannical, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to a tyrant; suiting a tyrant; unjustly severe in government; absolute; imperious; despotic; cruel; arbitrary; as a tyrannical prince; a tyrannical master; tyrannical government.
Found on page(s): [89]

witness - witness, Definition(s): v. i.: Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.; v. i.: That which furnishes evidence or proof.; v. i.: One who is cognizant; a person who beholds or otherwise has personal knowledge of anything; as an eyewitness; an earwitness.; v. i.: One who testifies in a cause or gives evidence before a judicial tribunal; as the witness in court agreed in all essential facts.; v. i.: One who sees the execution of an instrument and subscribes it for the purpose of confirming its authenticity by his testimony; one who witnesses a will a deed a marriage or the like.; v. t.: To see or know by personal presence; to have direct cognizance of.; v. t.: To give testimony to; to testify to; to attest.; v. t.: To see the execution of as an instrument and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity; as to witness a bond or a deed.; v. i.: To bear testimony; to give evidence; to testify.
Found on page(s): [52, 78]

fortify - fortify, Definition(s): v. t.: To add strength to; to strengthen; to confirm; to furnish with power to resist attack.; v. t.: To strengthen and secure by forts or batteries or by surrounding with a wall or ditch or other military works; to render defensible against an attack by hostile forces.; v. i.: To raise defensive works.
Found on page(s): [30]

beginning, - beginning,, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action state or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act effort or state of a succession of acts or states.; n.: That which begins or originates something; the first cause; origin; source.; n.: That which is begun; a rudiment or element.; n.: Enterprise.
Found on page(s): [7]

conform - conform, Definition(s): a.: Of the same form; similar in import; conformable.; v. t.: To shape in accordance with; to make like; to bring into harmony or agreement with; -- usually with to or unto.; v. i.: To be in accord or harmony; to comply; to be obedient; to submit; -- with to or with.; v. i.: To comply with the usages of the Established Church; to be a conformist.
Found on page(s): [74, 75]

duo - duo, Definition(s): n.: A composition for two performers; a duet.
Found on page(s): [51]

mercy - mercy, Definition(s): n.: Forbearance to inflict harm under circumstances of provocation when one has the power to inflict it; compassionate treatment of an offender or adversary; clemency.; n.: Compassionate treatment of the unfortunate and helpless; sometimes favor beneficence.; n.: Disposition to exercise compassion or favor; pity; compassion; willingness to spare or to help.; n.: A blessing regarded as a manifestation of compassion or favor.
Found on page(s): [86]

formerly. - formerly., Definition(s): adv.: In time past either in time immediately preceding or at any indefinite distance; of old; heretofore.
Found on page(s): [64]

depend - depend, Definition(s): v. i.: To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above.; v. i.: To hang in suspense; to be pending; to be undetermined or undecided; as a cause depending in court.; v. i.: To rely for support; to be conditioned or contingent; to be connected with anything as a cause of existence or as a necessary condition; -- followed by on or upon formerly by of.; v. i.: To trust; to rest with confidence; to rely; to confide; to be certain; -- with on or upon; as we depend on the word or assurance of our friends; we depend on the mail at the usual hour.; v. i.: To serve; to attend; to act as a dependent or retainer.; v. i.: To impend.
Found on page(s): [16, 19, 56, 61, 73]

commit - commit, Definition(s): v. t.: To give in trust; to put into charge or keeping; to intrust; to consign; -- used with to unto.; v. t.: To put in charge of a jailor; to imprison.; v. t.: To do; to perpetrate as a crime sin or fault.; v. t.: To join for a contest; to match; -- followed by with.; v. t.: To pledge or bind; to compromise expose or endanger by some decisive act or preliminary step; -- often used reflexively; as to commit one's self to a certain course.; v. t.: To confound.; v. i.: To sin; esp. to be incontinent.
Found on page(s): [42, 58]

cure - cure, Definition(s): n.: Care heed or attention.; n.: Spiritual charge; care of soul; the office of a parish priest or of a curate; hence that which is committed to the charge of a parish priest or of a curate; a curacy; as to resign a cure; to obtain a cure.; n.: Medical or hygienic care; remedial treatment of disease; a method of medical treatment; as to use the water cure.; n.: Act of healing or state of being healed; restoration to health from disease or to soundness after injury.; n.: Means of the removal of disease or evil; that which heals; a remedy; a restorative.; v. t.: To heal; to restore to health soundness or sanity; to make well; -- said of a patient.; v. t.: To subdue or remove by remedial means; to remedy; to remove; to heal; -- said of a malady.; v. t.: To set free from (something injurious or blameworthy) as from a bad habit.; v. t.: To prepare for preservation or permanent keeping; to preserve as by drying salting etc.; as to cure beef or fish; to cure hay.; v. i.: To pay heed; to care; to give attention.; v. i.: To restore health; to effect a cure.; v. i.: To become healed.; n.: A curate; a pardon.
Found on page(s): [7]

danger - danger, Definition(s): n.: Authority; jurisdiction; control.; n.: Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty.; n.: Exposure to injury loss pain or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity.; n.: Difficulty; sparingness.; n.: Coyness; disdainful behavior.; v. t.: To endanger.
Found on page(s): [18, 29, 38, 39, 40, 53, 62, 70, 80]

curb - curb, Definition(s): v. t.: To guide and manage or restrain as with a curb; to bend to one's will; to subject; to subdue; to restrain; to confine; to keep in check.; v. t.: To furnish wich a curb as a well; also to restrain by a curb as a bank of earth.; v. i.: To bend; to crouch; to cringe.; n.: That which curbs restrains or subdues; a check or hindrance; esp. a chain or strap attached to the upper part of the branches of a bit and capable of being drawn tightly against the lower jaw of the horse.; n.: An assemblage of three or more pieces of timber or a metal member forming a frame around an opening and serving to maintain the integrity of that opening; also a ring of stone serving a similar purpose as at the eye of a dome.; n.: A frame or wall round the mouth of a well; also a frame within a well to prevent the earth caving in.; n.: A curbstone.; n.: A swelling on the back part of the hind leg of a horse just behind the lowest part of the hock joint generally causing lameness.
Found on page(s): [21, 54]

"Contrary - "Contrary, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [52]

alarmed, - alarmed,, Definition(s): a.: Aroused to vigilance; excited by fear of approaching danger; agitated; disturbed; as an alarmed neighborhood; an alarmed modesty.
Found on page(s): [89, 99]

character - character, Definition(s): n.: A distinctive mark; a letter figure or symbol.; n.: Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the peculiar form of letters used by a particular person or people; as an inscription in the Runic character.; n.: The peculiar quality or the sum of qualities by which a person or a thing is distinguished from others; the stamp impressed by nature education or habit; that which a person or thing really is; nature; disposition.; n.: Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality; as he has a great deal of character.; n.: Moral quality; the principles and motives that control the life; as a man of character; his character saves him from suspicion.; n.: Quality position rank or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty; as in the miserable character of a slave; in his character as a magistrate; her character as a daughter.; n.: The estimate individual or general put upon a person or thing; reputation; as a man's character for truth and veracity; to give one a bad character.; n.: A written statement as to behavior competency etc. given to a servant.; n.: A unique or extraordinary individuality; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits; a person who illustrates certain phases of character; as Randolph was a character; Caesar is a great historical character.; n.: One of the persons of a drama or novel.; v. t.: To engrave; to inscribe.; v. t.: To distinguish by particular marks or traits; to describe; to characterize.
Found on page(s): [30, 31, 60, 62, 66, 67, 87]

consummate - consummate, Definition(s): a.: Carried to the utmost extent or degree; of the highest quality; complete; perfect.; v. t. : To bring to completion; to raise to the highest point or degree; to complete; to finish; to perfect; to achieve.
Found on page(s): [16]

meaning - meaning, Definition(s): n.: That which is meant or intended; intent; purpose; aim; object; as a mischievous meaning was apparent.; n.: That which is signified whether by act lanquage; signification; sence; import; as the meaning of a hint.; n.: Sense; power of thinking.
Found on page(s): [10, 17, 52]

reassure - reassure, Definition(s): v. t.: To assure anew; to restore confidence to; to free from fear or terror.; v. t.: To reinsure.
Found on page(s): [26, 82, 94]

drawing - drawing, Definition(s): n.: The act of pulling or attracting.; n.: The act or the art of representing any object by means of lines and shades; especially such a representation when in one color or in tints used not to represent the colors of natural objects but for effect only and produced with hard material such as pencil chalk etc.; delineation; also the figure or representation drawn.; n.: The process of stretching or spreading metals as by hammering or as in forming wire from rods or tubes and cups from sheet metal by pulling them through dies.; n.: The process of pulling out and elongating the sliver from the carding machine by revolving rollers to prepare it for spinning.; n.: The distribution of prizes and blanks in a lottery.
Found on page(s): [13]

magistracy, - magistracy,, Definition(s): n.: The office or dignity of a magistrate.; n.: The collective body of magistrates.
Found on page(s): [29]

band - band, Definition(s): v. t.: A fillet strap or any narrow ligament with which a thing is encircled or fastened or by which a number of things are tied bound together or confined; a fetter.; v. t.: A continuous tablet stripe or series of ornaments as of carved foliage of color or of brickwork etc.; v. t.: In Gothic architecture the molding or suite of moldings which encircles the pillars and small shafts.; v. t.: That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie.; v. t.: A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries.; v. t.: Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical legal or academic dress.; v. t.: A narrow strip of cloth or other material on any article of dress to bind strengthen ornament or complete it.; v. t.: A company of persons united in any common design especially a body of armed men.; v. t.: A number of musicians who play together upon portable musical instruments especially those making a loud sound as certain wind instruments (trumpets clarinets etc.) and drums or cymbals.; v. t.: A space between elevated lines or ribs as of the fruits of umbelliferous plants.; v. t.: A stripe streak or other mark transverse to the axis of the body.; v. t.: A belt or strap.; v. t.: Pledge; security.; v. t.: To bind or tie with a band.; v. t.: To mark with a band.; v. t.: To unite in a troop company or confederacy.; v. i.: To confederate for some common purpose; to unite; to conspire together.; v. t.: To bandy; to drive away.; : imp. of Bind.
Found on page(s): [84]

tales - tales, Definition(s): n.: Persons added to a jury commonly from those in or about the courthouse to make up any deficiency in the number of jurors regularly summoned being like or such as the latter.; syntactically sing.: The writ by which such persons are summoned.
Found on page(s): [86]

vexation - vexation, Definition(s): n.: The act of vexing or the state of being vexed; agitation; disquiet; trouble; irritation.; n.: The cause of trouble or disquiet; affliction.; n.: A harassing by process of law; a vexing or troubling as by a malicious suit.
Found on page(s): [87]

moderate - moderate, Definition(s): a.: Limited in quantity; sparing; temperate; frugal; as moderate in eating or drinking; a moderate table.; a.: Limited in degree of activity energy or excitement; reasonable; calm; slow; as moderate language; moderate endeavors.; a.: Not extreme in opinion in partisanship and the like; as a moderate Calvinist.; a.: Not violent or rigorous; temperate; mild; gentle; as a moderate winter.; a.: Limited as to degree of progress; as to travel at moderate speed.; a.: Limited as to the degree in which a quality principle or faculty appears; as an infusion of moderate strength; a man of moderate abilities.; a.: Limited in scope or effects; as a reformation of a moderate kind.; n.: One of a party in the Church of Scotland in the 18th century and part of the 19th professing moderation in matters of church government in discipline and in doctrine.; v. t.: To restrain from excess of any kind; to reduce from a state of violence intensity or excess; to keep within bounds; to make temperate; to lessen; to allay; to repress; to temper; to qualify; as to moderate rage action desires etc.; to moderate heat or wind.; v. t.: To preside over direct or regulate as a public meeting; as to moderate a synod.; v. i.: To become less violent severe rigorous or intense; as the wind has moderated.; v. i.: To preside as a moderator.
Found on page(s): [38]

height - height, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being high; elevated position.; n.: The distance to which anything rises above its foot above that on which in stands above the earth or above the level of the sea; altitude; the measure upward from a surface as the floor or the ground of animal especially of a man; stature.; n.: Degree of latitude either north or south.; n.: That which is elevated; an eminence; a hill or mountain; as Alpine heights.; n.: Elevation in excellence of any kind as in power learning arts; also an advanced degree of social rank; preeminence or distinction in society; prominence.; n.: Progress toward eminence; grade; degree.; n.: Utmost degree in extent; extreme limit of energy or condition; as the height of a fever of passion of madness of folly; the height of a tempest.
Found on page(s): [76]

resident - resident, Definition(s): a.: Dwelling or having an abode in a place for a continued length of time; residing on one's own estate; -- opposed to nonresident; as resident in the city or in the country.; a.: Fixed; stable; certain.; n.: One who resides or dwells in a place for some time.; n.: A diplomatic representative who resides at a foreign court; -- a term usualy applied to ministers of a rank inferior to that of ambassadors. See the Note under Minister 4.
Found on page(s): [97]

variable, - variable,, Definition(s): a.: Having the capacity of varying or changing; capable of alternation in any manner; changeable; as variable winds or seasons; a variable quantity.; a.: Liable to vary; too susceptible of change; mutable; fickle; unsteady; inconstant; as the affections of men are variable; passions are variable.; n.: That which is variable; that which varies or is subject to change.; n.: A quantity which may increase or decrease; a quantity which admits of an infinite number of values in the same expression; a variable quantity; as in the equation x2 - y2 = R2 x and y are variables.; n.: A shifting wind or one that varies in force.; n.: Those parts of the sea where a steady wind is not expected especially the parts between the trade-wind belts.
Found on page(s): [16]

myself - myself, Definition(s): pron.: I or me in person; -- used for emphasis my own self or person; as I myself will do it; I have done it myself; -- used also instead of me as the object of the first person of a reflexive verb without emphasis; as I will defend myself.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 74, 76, 102, 104]

beaten - beaten, Definition(s): : of Beat.; a.: Made smooth by beating or treading; worn by use.; a.: Vanquished; conquered; baffled.; a.: Exhausted; tired out.; a.: Become common or trite; as a beaten phrase.; a.: Tried; practiced.
Found on page(s): [6, 14, 19]

invent - invent, Definition(s): v. t.: To come or light upon; to meet; to find.; v. t.: To discover as by study or inquiry; to find out; to devise; to contrive or produce for the first time; -- applied commonly to the discovery of some serviceable mode instrument or machine.; v. t.: To frame by the imagination; to fabricate mentally; to forge; -- in a good or a bad sense; as to invent the machinery of a poem; to invent a falsehood.
Found on page(s): [78]

distance, - distance,, Definition(s): n.: The space between two objects; the length of a line especially the shortest line joining two points or things that are separate; measure of separation in place.; n.: Remoteness of place; a remote place.; n.: A space marked out in the last part of a race course.; n.: Relative space between troops in ranks measured from front to rear; -- contrasted with interval which is measured from right to left.; n.: Space between two antagonists in fencing.; n.: The part of a picture which contains the representation of those objects which are the farthest away esp. in a landscape.; n.: Ideal disjunction; discrepancy; contrariety.; n.: Length or interval of time; period past or future between two eras or events.; n.: The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence respect; ceremoniousness.; n.: A withholding of intimacy; alienation; coldness; disagreement; variance; restraint; reserve.; n.: Remoteness in succession or relation; as the distance between a descendant and his ancestor.; n.: The interval between two notes; as the distance of a fourth or seventh.; v. t.: To place at a distance or remotely.; v. t.: To cause to appear as if at a distance; to make seem remote.; v. t.: To outstrip by as much as a distance (see Distance n. 3); to leave far behind; to surpass greatly.
Found on page(s): [85]

urbanity - urbanity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being urbane; civility or courtesy of manners; politeness; refinement.; n.: Polite wit; facetiousness.
Found on page(s): [104]

wonderful - wonderful, Definition(s): a.: Adapted to excite wonder or admiration; surprising; strange; astonishing.
Found on page(s): [49, 77, 85]

disgrace; - disgrace;, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being out of favor; loss of favor regard or respect.; n.: The state of being dishonored or covered with shame; dishonor; shame; ignominy.; n.: That which brings dishonor; cause of shame or reproach; great discredit; as vice is a disgrace to a rational being.; n.: An act of unkindness; a disfavor.; n.: To put out favor; to dismiss with dishonor.; n.: To do disfavor to; to bring reproach or shame upon; to dishonor; to treat or cover with ignominy; to lower in estimation.; n.: To treat discourteously; to upbraid; to revile.
Found on page(s): [31]

allied - allied, Definition(s): a.: United; joined; leagued; akin; related. See Ally.
Found on page(s): [36, 65]

flood - flood, Definition(s): v. i.: A great flow of water; a body of moving water; the flowing stream as of a river; especially a body of water rising swelling and overflowing land not usually thus covered; a deluge; a freshet; an inundation.; v. i.: The flowing in of the tide; the semidiurnal swell or rise of water in the ocean; -- opposed to ebb; as young flood; high flood.; v. i.: A great flow or stream of any fluid substance; as a flood of light; a flood of lava; hence a great quantity widely diffused; an overflowing; a superabundance; as a flood of bank notes; a flood of paper currency.; v. i.: Menstrual disharge; menses.; v. t.: To overflow; to inundate; to deluge; as the swollen river flooded the valley.; v. t.: To cause or permit to be inundated; to fill or cover with water or other fluid; as to flood arable land for irrigation; to fill to excess or to its full capacity; as to flood a country with a depreciated currency.
Found on page(s): [73]

yield. - yield., Definition(s): v. t.: To give in return for labor expended; to produce as payment or interest on what is expended or invested; to pay; as money at interest yields six or seven per cent.; v. t.: To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.; v. t.: To give up as something that is claimed or demanded; to make over to one who has a claim or right; to resign; to surrender; to relinquish; as a city an opinion etc.; v. t.: To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.; v. t.: To permit; to grant; as to yield passage.; v. t.: To give a reward to; to bless.; v. i.: To give up the contest; to submit; to surrender; to succumb.; v. i.: To comply with; to assent; as I yielded to his request.; v. i.: To give way; to cease opposition; to be no longer a hindrance or an obstacle; as men readily yield to the current of opinion or to customs; the door yielded.; v. i.: To give place as inferior in rank or excellence; as they will yield to us in nothing.; n.: Amount yielded; product; -- applied especially to products resulting from growth or cultivation.
Found on page(s): [101]

conquer, - conquer,, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain or acquire by force; to take possession of by violent means; to gain dominion over; to subdue by physical means; to reduce; to overcome by force of arms; to cause to yield; to vanquish.; v. t.: To subdue or overcome by mental or moral power; to surmount; as to conquer difficulties temptation etc.; v. t.: To gain or obtain overcoming obstacles in the way; to win; as to conquer freedom; to conquer a peace.; v. i.: To gain the victory; to overcome; to prevail.
Found on page(s): [67]

charger, - charger,, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which charges.; n.: An instrument for measuring or inserting a charge.; n.: A large dish.; n.: A horse for battle or parade.
Found on page(s): [88]

sunrise, - sunrise,, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [86]

wisdom. - wisdom., Definition(s): a.: The quality of being wise; knowledge and the capacity to make due use of it; knowledge of the best ends and the best means; discernment and judgment; discretion; sagacity; skill; dexterity.; a.: The results of wise judgments; scientific or practical truth; acquired knowledge; erudition.
Found on page(s): [72]

wisdom, - wisdom,, Definition(s): a.: The quality of being wise; knowledge and the capacity to make due use of it; knowledge of the best ends and the best means; discernment and judgment; discretion; sagacity; skill; dexterity.; a.: The results of wise judgments; scientific or practical truth; acquired knowledge; erudition.
Found on page(s): [86]

maternal - maternal, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to a mother; becoming to a mother; motherly; as maternal love; maternal tenderness.
Found on page(s): [24]

friendship, - friendship,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being friends; friendly relation or attachment to a person or between persons; affection arising from mutual esteem and good will; friendliness; amity; good will.; n.: Aptness to unite; conformity; affinity; harmony; correspondence.
Found on page(s): [52]

shelter - shelter, Definition(s): n.: That which covers or defends from injury or annoyance; a protection; a screen.; n.: One who protects; a guardian; a defender.; n.: The state of being covered and protected; protection; security.; v. t.: To be a shelter for; to provide with a shelter; to cover from injury or annoyance; to shield; to protect.; v. t.: To screen or cover from notice; to disguise.; v. t.: To betake to cover or to a safe place; -- used reflexively.; v. i.: To take shelter.
Found on page(s): [66, 81]

examine - examine, Definition(s): v. t.: To test by any appropriate method; to inspect carefully with a view to discover the real character or state of; to subject to inquiry or inspection of particulars for the purpose of obtaining a fuller insight into the subject of examination as a material substance a fact a reason a cause the truth of a statement; to inquire or search into; to explore; as to examine a mineral; to examine a ship to know whether she is seaworthy; to examine a proposition theory or question.; v. t.: To interrogate as in a judicial proceeding; to try or test by question; as to examine a witness in order to elicit testimony a student to test his qualifications a bankrupt touching the state of his property etc.
Found on page(s): [26, 44, 59]

believe - believe, Definition(s): n.: To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of upon evidence furnished by reasons arguments and deductions of the mind or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as to believe a person a statement or a doctrine.; v. i.: To have a firm persuasion esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [15, 16, 26, 48, 63, 73, 74, 86, 103]

generality, - generality,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being general; the quality of including species or particulars.; n.: That which is general; that which lacks specificalness practicalness or application; a general or vague statement or phrase.; n.: The main body; the bulk; the greatest part; as the generality of a nation or of mankind.
Found on page(s): [53]

uproar - uproar, Definition(s): n.: Great tumult; violent disturbance and noise; noisy confusion; bustle and clamor.; v. t.: To throw into uproar or confusion.; v. i.: To make an uproar.
Found on page(s): [89]

fell - fell, Definition(s): : imp. of Fall.; a.: Cruel; barbarous; inhuman; fierce; savage; ravenous.; a.: Eager; earnest; intent.; a.: Gall; anger; melancholy.; n.: A skin or hide of a beast with the wool or hair on; a pelt; -- used chiefly in composition as woolfell.; n.: A barren or rocky hill.; n.: A wild field; a moor.; v. i.: To cause to fall; to prostrate; to bring down or to the ground; to cut down.; n.: The finer portions of ore which go through the meshes when the ore is sorted by sifting.; v. t.: To sew or hem; -- said of seams.; n.: A form of seam joining two pieces of cloth the edges being folded together and the stitches taken through both thicknesses.; n.: The end of a web formed by the last thread of the weft.
Found on page(s): [38, 60, 101]

sufficient, - sufficient,, Definition(s): a.: Equal to the end proposed; adequate to wants; enough; ample; competent; as provision sufficient for the family; an army sufficient to defend the country.; a.: Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit.; a.: Capable of meeting obligations; responsible.; a.: Self-sufficient; self-satisfied; content.
Found on page(s): [50, 99]

partition - partition, Definition(s): v.: The act of parting or dividing; the state of being parted; separation; division; distribution; as the partition of a kingdom.; v.: That which divides or separates; that by which different things or distinct parts of the same thing are separated; separating boundary; dividing line or space; specifically an interior wall dividing one part or apartment of a house an inclosure or the like from another; as a brick partition; lath and plaster partitions.; v.: A part divided off by walls; an apartment; a compartment.; v.: The servance of common or undivided interests particularly in real estate. It may be effected by consent of parties or by compulsion of law.; v.: A score.; v. t.: To divide into parts or shares; to divide and distribute; as to partition an estate among various heirs.; v. t.: To divide into distinct parts by lines walls etc.; as to partition a house.
Found on page(s): [9]

relationship - relationship, Definition(s): n.: The state of being related by kindred affinity or other alliance.
Found on page(s): [23]

destruction - destruction, Definition(s): n.: The act of destroying; a tearing down; a bringing to naught; subversion; demolition; ruin; slaying; devastation.; n.: The state of being destroyed demolished ruined slain or devastated.; n.: A destroying agency; a cause of ruin or of devastation; a destroyer.
Found on page(s): [25, 34, 67, 85]

subdue, - subdue,, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring under; to conquer by force or the exertion of superior power and bring into permanent subjection; to reduce under dominion; to vanquish.; v. t.: To overpower so as to disable from further resistance; to crush.; v. t.: To destroy the force of; to overcome; as medicines subdue a fever.; v. t.: To render submissive; to bring under command; to reduce to mildness or obedience; to tame; as to subdue a stubborn child; to subdue the temper or passions.; v. t.: To overcome as by persuasion or other mild means; as to subdue opposition by argument or entreaties.; v. t.: To reduce to tenderness; to melt; to soften; as to subdue ferocity by tears.; v. t.: To make mellow; to break as land; also to destroy as weeds.; v. t.: To reduce the intensity or degree of; to tone down; to soften; as to subdue the brilliancy of colors.
Found on page(s): [104]

won, - won,, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Win.; v. i.: To dwell or abide.; n.: Dwelling; wone.
Found on page(s): [19]

middle - middle, Definition(s): a.: Equally distant from the extreme either of a number of things or of one thing; mean; medial; as the middle house in a row; a middle rank or station in life; flowers of middle summer; men of middle age.; a.: Intermediate; intervening.; a.: the waist.
Found on page(s): [82, 84]

drilling - drilling, Definition(s): n.: The act of piercing with a drill.; n.: A training by repeated exercises.; n.: The act of using a drill in sowing seeds.; n.: A heavy twilled fabric of linen or cotton.
Found on page(s): [84]

revolt, - revolt,, Definition(s): n.: To turn away; to abandon or reject something; specifically to turn away or shrink with abhorrence.; n.: Hence to be faithless; to desert one party or leader for another; especially to renounce allegiance or subjection; to rise against a government; to rebel.; n.: To be disgusted shocked or grossly offended; hence to feel nausea; -- with at; as the stomach revolts at such food; his nature revolts at cruelty.; v. t.: To cause to turn back; to roll or drive back; to put to flight.; v. t.: To do violence to; to cause to turn away or shrink with abhorrence; to shock; as to revolt the feelings.; n.: The act of revolting; an uprising against legitimate authority; especially a renunciation of allegiance and subjection to a government; rebellion; as the revolt of a province of the Roman empire.; n.: A revolter.
Found on page(s): [93]

appear - appear, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.; v. i.: To come before the public; as a great writer appeared at that time.; v. i.: To stand in presence of some authority tribunal or superior person to answer a charge plead a cause or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court or as a person to be tried.; v. i.: To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.; v. i.: To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.; n.: Appearance.
Found on page(s): [11, 19, 32, 41, 52, 53, 72, 91, 94]

inspire - inspire, Definition(s): v. t.: To breathe into; to fill with the breath; to animate.; v. t.: To infuse by breathing or as if by breathing.; v. t.: To draw in by the operation of breathing; to inhale; -- opposed to expire.; v. t.: To infuse into the mind; to communicate to the spirit; to convey as by a divine or supernatural influence; to disclose preternaturally; to produce in as by inspiration.; v. t.: To infuse into; to affect as with a superior or supernatural influence; to fill with what animates enlivens or exalts; to communicate inspiration to; as to inspire a child with sentiments of virtue.; v. i.: To draw in breath; to inhale air into the lungs; -- opposed to expire.; v. i.: To breathe; to blow gently.
Found on page(s): [49]

manifest, - manifest,, Definition(s): a.: Evident to the senses esp. to the sight; apparent; distinctly perceived; hence obvious to the understanding; apparent to the mind; easily apprehensible; plain; not obscure or hidden.; a.: Detected; convicted; -- with of.; a.: A public declaration; an open statement; a manifesto. See Manifesto.; a.: A list or invoice of a ship's cargo containing a description by marks numbers etc. of each package of goods to be exhibited at the customhouse.; v. t.: To show plainly; to make to appear distinctly -- usually to the mind; to put beyond question or doubt; to display; to exhibit.; v. t.: To exhibit the manifests or prepared invoices of; to declare at the customhouse.
Found on page(s): [32]

agent - agent, Definition(s): a.: Acting; -- opposed to patient or sustaining action.; n.: One who exerts power or has the power to act; an actor.; n.: One who acts for or in the place of another by authority from him; one intrusted with the business of another; a substitute; a deputy; a factor.; n.: An active power or cause; that which has the power to produce an effect; as a physical chemical or medicinal agent; as heat is a powerful agent.
Found on page(s): [18]

odious - odious, Definition(s): a.: Hateful; deserving or receiving hatred; as an odious name system vice.; a.: Causing or provoking hatred repugnance or disgust; offensive; disagreeable; repulsive; as an odious sight; an odious smell.
Found on page(s): [46]

wholly - wholly, Definition(s): adv.: In a whole or complete manner; entirely; completely; perfectly.; adv.: To the exclusion of other things; totally; fully.
Found on page(s): [78]

forced - forced, Definition(s): a.: Done or produced with force or great labor or by extraordinary exertion; hurried; strained; produced by unnatural effort or pressure; as a forced style; a forced laugh.
Found on page(s): [8, 9, 15, 25, 27, 30, 36, 46, 58, 93, 95]

suffering - suffering, Definition(s): n.: The bearing of pain inconvenience or loss; pain endured; distress loss or injury incurred; as sufferings by pain or sorrow; sufferings by want or by wrongs.; a.: Being in pain or grief; having loss injury distress etc.
Found on page(s): [99, 103]

numbers - numbers, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Number. The fourth book of the Pentateuch containing the census of the Hebrews.
Found on page(s): [99]

pursue?" - pursue?", Definition(s): v. t.: To follow with a view to overtake; to follow eagerly or with haste; to chase; as to pursue a hare.; v. t.: To seek; to use or adopt measures to obtain; as to pursue a remedy at law.; v. t.: To proceed along with a view to some and or object; to follow; to go in; as Captain Cook pursued a new route; the administration pursued a wise course.; v. t.: To prosecute; to be engaged in; to continue.; v. t.: To follow as an example; to imitate.; v. t.: To follow with enmity; to persecute; to call to account.; v. i.: To go in pursuit; to follow.; v. i.: To go on; to proceed especially in argument or discourse; to continue.; v. i.: To follow a matter judicially as a complaining party; to act as a prosecutor.
Found on page(s): [43]

tribute, - tribute,, Definition(s): n.: An annual or stated sum of money or other valuable thing paid by one ruler or nation to another either as an acknowledgment of submission or as the price of peace and protection or by virtue of some treaty; as the Romans made their conquered countries pay tribute.; n.: A personal contribution as of money praise service etc. made in token of services rendered or as that which is due or deserved; as a tribute of affection.; n.: A certain proportion of the ore raised or of its value given to the miner as his recompense.; v. i.: To pay as tribute.
Found on page(s): [13]

single-handed, - single-handed,, Definition(s): a.: Having but one hand or one workman; also alone; unassisted.
Found on page(s): [35]

Presently, - Presently,, Definition(s): adv.: At present; at this time; now.; adv.: At once; without delay; forthwith; also less definitely soon; shortly; before long; after a little while; by and by.; adv.: With actual presence; actually .
Found on page(s): [90]

garrison. - garrison., Definition(s): n.: A body of troops stationed in a fort or fortified town.; n.: A fortified place in which troops are quartered for its security.; v. t.: To place troops in as a fortification for its defense; to furnish with soldiers; as to garrison a fort or town.; v. t.: To secure or defend by fortresses manned with troops; as to garrison a conquered territory.
Found on page(s): [99]

adroitly - adroitly, Definition(s): adv.: In an adroit manner.
Found on page(s): [31]

tread - tread, Definition(s): v. i.: To set the foot; to step.; v. i.: To walk or go; especially to walk with a stately or a cautious step.; v. i.: To copulate; said of birds esp. the males.; v. t.: To step or walk on.; v. t.: To beat or press with the feet; as to tread a path; to tread land when too light; a well-trodden path.; v. t.: To go through or accomplish by walking dancing or the like.; v. t.: To crush under the foot; to trample in contempt or hatred; to subdue.; v. t.: To copulate with; to feather; to cover; -- said of the male bird.; n.: A step or stepping; pressure with the foot; a footstep; as a nimble tread; a cautious tread.; n.: Manner or style of stepping; action; gait; as the horse has a good tread.; n.: Way; track; path.; n.: The act of copulation in birds.; n.: The upper horizontal part of a step on which the foot is placed.; n.: The top of the banquette on which soldiers stand to fire over the parapet.; n.: The part of a wheel that bears upon the road or rail.; n.: The part of a rail upon which car wheels bear.; n.: The chalaza of a bird's egg; the treadle.; n.: A bruise or abrasion produced on the foot or ankle of a horse that interferes. See Interfere 3.
Found on page(s): [61]

artillery, - artillery,, Definition(s): n.: Munitions of war; implements for warfare as slings bows and arrows.; n.: Cannon; great guns; ordnance including guns mortars howitzers etc. with their equipment of carriages balls bombs and shot of all kinds.; n.: The men and officers of that branch of the army to which the care and management of artillery are confided.; n.: The science of artillery or gunnery.
Found on page(s): [30]

wood - wood, Definition(s): a.: Mad; insane; possessed; rabid; furious; frantic.; v. i.: To grow mad; to act like a madman; to mad.; n.: A large and thick collection of trees; a forest or grove; -- frequently used in the plural.; n.: The substance of trees and the like; the hard fibrous substance which composes the body of a tree and its branches and which is covered by the bark; timber.; n.: The fibrous material which makes up the greater part of the stems and branches of trees and shrubby plants and is found to a less extent in herbaceous stems. It consists of elongated tubular or needle-shaped cells of various kinds usually interwoven with the shinning bands called silver grain.; n.: Trees cut or sawed for the fire or other uses.; v. t.: To supply with wood or get supplies of wood for; as to wood a steamboat or a locomotive.; v. i.: To take or get a supply of wood.
Found on page(s): [105]

hold, - hold,, Definition(s): n.: The whole interior portion of a vessel below the lower deck in which the cargo is stowed.; v. t.: To cause to remain in a given situation position or relation within certain limits or the like; to prevent from falling or escaping; to sustain; to restrain; to keep in the grasp; to retain.; v. t.: To retain in one's keeping; to maintain possession of or authority over; not to give up or relinquish; to keep; to defend.; v. t.: To have; to possess; to be in possession of; to occupy; to derive title to; as to hold office.; v. t.: To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.; v. t.: To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.; v. t.: To prosecute have take or join in as something which is the result of united action; as to hold a meeting a festival a session etc.; hence to direct and bring about officially; to conduct or preside at; as the general held a council of war; a judge holds a court; a clergyman holds a service.; v. t.: To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as this pail holds milk; hence to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.; v. t.: To accept as an opinion; to be the adherent of openly or privately; to persist in as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.; v. t.: To consider; to regard; to esteem; to account; to think; to judge.; v. t.: To bear carry or manage; as he holds himself erect; he holds his head high.; n. i.: In general to keep one's self in a given position or condition; to remain fixed.; n. i.: Not to more; to halt; to stop;-mostly in the imperative.; n. i.: Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.; n. i.: Not to fail or be found wanting; to continue; to last; to endure a test or trial; to abide; to persist.; n. i.: Not to fall away desert or prove recreant; to remain attached; to cleave;-often with with to or for.; n. i.: To restrain one's self; to refrain.; n. i.: To derive right or title; -- generally with of.; n.: The act of holding as in or with the hands or arms; the manner of holding whether firm or loose; seizure; grasp; clasp; gripe; possession; -- often used with the verbs take and lay.; n.: The authority or ground to take or keep; claim.; n.: Binding power and influence.; n.: Something that may be grasped; means of support.; n.: A place of confinement; a prison; confinement; custody; guard.; n.: A place of security; a fortified place; a fort; a castle; -- often called a stronghold.; n.: A character [thus /] placed over or under a note or rest and indicating that it is to be prolonged; -- called also pause and corona.
Found on page(s): [51]

formidable - formidable, Definition(s): a.: Exciting fear or apprehension; impressing dread; adapted to excite fear and deter from approach encounter or undertaking; alarming.
Found on page(s): [25]

surprise - surprise, Definition(s): n.: The act of coming upon or taking unawares; the act of seizing unexpectedly; surprisal; as the fort was taken by surprise.; n.: The state of being surprised or taken unawares by some act or event which could not reasonably be foreseen; emotion excited by what is sudden and strange; a suddenly excited feeling of wonder or astonishment.; n.: Anything that causes such a state or emotion.; n.: A dish covered with a crust of raised paste but with no other contents.; n.: To come or fall suddenly and unexpectedly; to take unawares; to seize or capture by unexpected attack.; n.: To strike with wonder astonishment or confusion by something sudden unexpected or remarkable; to confound; as his conduct surprised me.; n.: To lead (one) to do suddenly and without forethought; to bring (one) into some unexpected state; -- with into; as to be surprised into an indiscretion; to be surprised into generosity.; n.: To hold possession of; to hold.
Found on page(s): [43, 97, 106]

admitted - admitted, Definition(s): a.: Received as true or valid; acknowledged.
Found on page(s): [68, 95, 97]

murderer - murderer, Definition(s): n.: One guilty of murder; a person who in possession of his reason unlawfully kills a human being with premeditated malice.; n.: A small cannon formerly used for clearing a ship's decks of boarders; -- called also murdering piece.
Found on page(s): [91]

felt - felt, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. / a. from Feel.; n.: A cloth or stuff made of matted fibers of wool or wool and fur fulled or wrought into a compact substance by rolling and pressure with lees or size without spinning or weaving.; n.: A hat made of felt.; n.: A skin or hide; a fell; a pelt.; v. t.: To make into felt or a feltike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.; v. t.: To cover with or as with felt; as to felt the cylinder of a steam emgine.
Found on page(s): [87]

owing - owing, Definition(s): P. p. & a.: Had or held under obligation of paying; due.; P. p. & a.: Had or experienced as a consequence result issue etc.; ascribable; -- with to; as misfortunes are often owing to vices; his failure was owing to speculations.
Found on page(s): [8, 12, 26, 48, 49, 50, 95, 98, 99]

wont - wont, Definition(s): a.: Using or doing customarily; accustomed; habituated; used.; n.: Custom; habit; use; usage.; v. i.: To be accustomed or habituated; to be used.; v. t.: To accustom; -- used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [35, 47, 104]

temperate - temperate, Definition(s): v. t.: Moderate; not excessive; as temperate heat; a temperate climate.; v. t.: Not marked with passion; not violent; cool; calm; as temperate language.; v. t.: Moderate in the indulgence of the natural appetites or passions; as temperate in eating and drinking.; v. t.: Proceeding from temperance.; v. t.: To render temperate; to moderate; to soften; to temper.
Found on page(s): [48]

allow - allow, Definition(s): v. t.: To praise; to approve of; hence to sanction.; v. t.: To like; to be suited or pleased with.; v. t.: To sanction; to invest; to intrust.; v. t.: To grant give admit accord afford or yield; to let one have; as to allow a servant his liberty; to allow a free passage; to allow one day for rest.; v. t.: To own or acknowledge; to accept as true; to concede; to accede to an opinion; as to allow a right; to allow a claim; to allow the truth of a proposition.; v. t.: To grant (something) as a deduction or an addition; esp. to abate or deduct; as to allow a sum for leakage.; v. t.: To grant license to; to permit; to consent to; as to allow a son to be absent.; v. i.: To admit; to concede; to make allowance or abatement.
Found on page(s): [7, 14, 47, 51, 90, 104]

defer - defer, Definition(s): v. t.: To put off; to postpone to a future time; to delay the execution of; to delay; to withhold.; v. i.: To put off; to delay to act; to wait.; v. t.: To render or offer.; v. t.: To lay before; to submit in a respectful manner; to refer; -- with to.; v. i.: To yield deference to the wishes of another; to submit to the opinion of another or to authority; -- with to.
Found on page(s): [92]

befall - befall, Definition(s): v. t.: To happen to.; v. i.: To come to pass; to happen.
Found on page(s): [43]

lord - lord, Definition(s): n.: A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.; n.: One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor as of a manor.; n.: A titled nobleman. whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense a boron as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.; n.: A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also for honor on certain official persons; as lord advocate lord chamberlain lord chancellor lord chief justice etc.; n.: A husband.; n.: One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.; n.: The Supreme Being; Jehovah.; n.: The Savior; Jesus Christ.; v. t.: To invest with the dignity power and privileges of a lord.; v. t.: To rule or preside over as a lord.; v. i.: To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Found on page(s): [5, 11, 12, 51, 91, 92, 97]

proper - proper, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to one; one's own; individual.; a.: Belonging to the natural or essential constitution; peculiar; not common; particular; as every animal has his proper instincts and appetites.; a.: Befitting one's nature qualities etc.; suitable in all respect; appropriate; right; fit; decent; as water is the proper element for fish; a proper dress.; a.: Becoming in appearance; well formed; handsome.; a.: Pertaining to one of a species but not common to the whole; not appellative; -- opposed to common; as a proper name; Dublin is the proper name of a city.; a.: Rightly so called; strictly considered; as Greece proper; the garden proper.; a.: Represented in its natural color; -- said of any object used as a charge.; adv.: Properly; hence to a great degree; very; as proper good.
Found on page(s): [18, 30, 36, 49, 50, 61, 74, 91]

beast - beast, Definition(s): n.: Any living creature; an animal; -- including man insects etc.; n.: Any four-footed animal that may be used for labor food or sport; as a beast of burden.; n.: As opposed to man: Any irrational animal.; n.: Fig.: A coarse brutal filthy or degraded fellow.; n.: A game at cards similar to loo.; n.: A penalty at beast omber etc. Hence: To be beasted to be beaten at beast omber etc.
Found on page(s): [50]

contemptible - contemptible, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of contempt; deserving of scorn or disdain; mean; vile; despicable.; a.: Despised; scorned; neglected; abject.; a.: Insolent; scornful; contemptuous.
Found on page(s): [54]

secure; - secure;, Definition(s): a.: Free from fear care or anxiety; easy in mind; not feeling suspicion or distrust; confident.; a.: Overconfident; incautious; careless; -- in a bad sense.; a.: Confident in opinion; not entertaining or not having reason to entertain doubt; certain; sure; -- commonly with of; as secure of a welcome.; a.: Net exposed to danger; safe; -- applied to persons and things and followed by against or from.; v. t.: To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of or exposure to danger; to guard; to protect.; v. t.: To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; to insure; -- frequently with against or from rarely with of; as to secure a creditor against loss; to secure a debt by a mortgage.; v. t.: To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping; as to secure a prisoner; to secure a door or the hatches of a ship.; v. t.: To get possession of; to make one's self secure of; to acquire certainly; as to secure an estate.
Found on page(s): [22]

themselves - themselves, Definition(s): pron.: The plural of himself herself and itself. See Himself Herself Itself.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 12, 16, 19, 26, 27, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 44, 53, 62, 70, 78, 82, 86, 87, 90, 91, 100, 101]

patron - patron, Definition(s): n.: One who protects supports or countenances; a defender.; n.: A master who had freed his slave but still retained some paternal rights over him.; n.: A man of distinction under whose protection another person placed himself.; n.: An advocate or pleader.; n.: One who encourages or helps a person a cause or a work; a furtherer; a promoter; as a patron of art.; n.: One who has gift and disposition of a benefice.; n.: A guardian saint. -- called also patron saint.; n.: See Padrone 2.; v. t.: To be a patron of; to patronize; to favor.; a.: Doing the duty of a patron; giving aid or protection; tutelary.
Found on page(s): [52, 68]

desolation. - desolation., Definition(s): n.: The act of desolating or laying waste; destruction of inhabitants; depopulation.; n.: The state of being desolated or laid waste; ruin; solitariness; destitution; gloominess.; n.: A place or country wasted and forsaken.
Found on page(s): [76]

winning - winning, Definition(s): a.: Attracting; adapted to gain favor; charming; as a winning address.; n.: The act of obtaining something as in a contest or by competition.; n.: The money etc. gained by success in competition or contest esp in gambling; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A new opening.; n.: The portion of a coal field out for working.
Found on page(s): [19, 21]

secure, - secure,, Definition(s): a.: Free from fear care or anxiety; easy in mind; not feeling suspicion or distrust; confident.; a.: Overconfident; incautious; careless; -- in a bad sense.; a.: Confident in opinion; not entertaining or not having reason to entertain doubt; certain; sure; -- commonly with of; as secure of a welcome.; a.: Net exposed to danger; safe; -- applied to persons and things and followed by against or from.; v. t.: To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of or exposure to danger; to guard; to protect.; v. t.: To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; to insure; -- frequently with against or from rarely with of; as to secure a creditor against loss; to secure a debt by a mortgage.; v. t.: To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping; as to secure a prisoner; to secure a door or the hatches of a ship.; v. t.: To get possession of; to make one's self secure of; to acquire certainly; as to secure an estate.
Found on page(s): [16]

apply - apply, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay or place; to put or adjust (one thing to another); -- with to; as to apply the hand to the breast; to apply medicaments to a diseased part of the body.; v. t.: To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose or in a particular case; to appropriate; to devote; as to apply money to the payment of a debt.; v. t.: To make use of declare or pronounce as suitable fitting or relative; as to apply the testimony to the case; to apply an epithet to a person.; v. t.: To fix closely; to engage and employ diligently or with attention; to attach; to incline.; v. t.: To direct or address.; v. t.: To betake; to address; to refer; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To busy; to keep at work; to ply.; v. t.: To visit.; v. i.: To suit; to agree; to have some connection agreement or analogy; as this argument applies well to the case.; v. i.: To make request; to have recourse with a view to gain something; to make application. (to); to solicit; as to apply to a friend for information.; v. i.: To ply; to move.; v. i.: To apply or address one's self; to give application; to attend closely (to).
Found on page(s): [95]

recently - recently, Definition(s): adv.: Newly; lately; freshly; not long since; as advices recently received.
Found on page(s): [37, 103]

Thus, - Thus,, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [90]

force? - force?, Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [16]

patrimony; - patrimony;, Definition(s): n.: A right or estate inherited from one's father; or in a larger sense from any ancestor.; n.: Formerly a church estate or endowment.
Found on page(s): [25]

foreseen - foreseen, Definition(s): p. p.: Provided; in case that; on condition that.
Found on page(s): [7]

Neither - Neither, Definition(s): a.: Not either; not the one or the other.; conj.: not either; generally used to introduce the first of two or more coordinate clauses of which those that follow begin with nor.
Found on page(s): [17, 56, 85]

force; - force;, Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [3, 50]

rebellion, - rebellion,, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of rebelling; open and avowed renunciation of the authority of the government to which one owes obedience and resistance to its officers and laws either by levying war or by aiding others to do so; an organized uprising of subjects for the purpose of coercing or overthrowing their lawful ruler or government by force; revolt; insurrection.; v. i.: Open resistance to or defiance of lawful authority.
Found on page(s): [93]

lodged - lodged, Definition(s): a.: Lying down; -- used of beasts of the chase as couchant is of beasts of prey.
Found on page(s): [25]

disloyal - disloyal, Definition(s): a.: Not loyal; not true to a sovereign or lawful superior or to the government under which one lives; false where allegiance is due; faithless; as a subject disloyal to the king; a husband disloyal to his wife.
Found on page(s): [22, 103]

riches - riches, Definition(s): a.: That which makes one rich; an abundance of land goods money or other property; wealth; opulence; affluence.; a.: That which appears rich sumptuous precious or the like.
Found on page(s): [70]

ground, - ground,, Definition(s): n.: The surface of the earth; the outer crust of the globe or some indefinite portion of it.; n.: A floor or pavement supposed to rest upon the earth.; n.: Any definite portion of the earth's surface; region; territory; country. Hence: A territory appropriated to or resorted to for a particular purpose; the field or place of action; as a hunting or fishing ground; a play ground.; n.: Land; estate; possession; field; esp. (pl.) the gardens lawns fields etc. belonging to a homestead; as the grounds of the estate are well kept.; n.: The basis on which anything rests; foundation. Hence: The foundation of knowledge belief or conviction; a premise reason or datum; ultimate or first principle; cause of existence or occurrence; originating force or agency; as the ground of my hope.; n.: That surface upon which the figures of a composition are set and which relieves them by its plainness being either of one tint or of tints but slightly contrasted with one another; as crimson Bowers on a white ground.; n.: In sculpture a flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief.; n.: In point lace the net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied; as Brussels ground. See Brussels lace under Brussels.; n.: A gummy composition spread over the surface of a metal to be etched to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.; n.: One of the pieces of wood flush with the plastering to which moldings etc. are attached; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A composition in which the bass consisting of a few bars of independent notes is continually repeated to a varying melody.; n.: The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song.; n.: A conducting connection with the earth whereby the earth is made part of an electrical circuit.; n.: Sediment at the bottom of liquors or liquids; dregs; lees; feces; as coffee grounds.; n.: The pit of a theater.; v. t.: To lay set or run on the ground.; v. t.: To found; to fix or set as on a foundation reason or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.; v. t.: To instruct in elements or first principles.; v. t.: To connect with the ground so as to make the earth a part of an electrical circuit.; v. t.: To cover with a ground as a copper plate for etching (see Ground n. 5); or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.; v. i.: To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed; as the ship grounded on the bar.; : imp. & p. p. of Grind.
Found on page(s): [6, 106]

patrimony. - patrimony., Definition(s): n.: A right or estate inherited from one's father; or in a larger sense from any ancestor.; n.: Formerly a church estate or endowment.
Found on page(s): [49]

revolt - revolt, Definition(s): n.: To turn away; to abandon or reject something; specifically to turn away or shrink with abhorrence.; n.: Hence to be faithless; to desert one party or leader for another; especially to renounce allegiance or subjection; to rise against a government; to rebel.; n.: To be disgusted shocked or grossly offended; hence to feel nausea; -- with at; as the stomach revolts at such food; his nature revolts at cruelty.; v. t.: To cause to turn back; to roll or drive back; to put to flight.; v. t.: To do violence to; to cause to turn away or shrink with abhorrence; to shock; as to revolt the feelings.; n.: The act of revolting; an uprising against legitimate authority; especially a renunciation of allegiance and subjection to a government; rebellion; as the revolt of a province of the Roman empire.; n.: A revolter.
Found on page(s): [11]

force. - force., Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [16]

force, - force,, Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [10, 16, 74]

tribute - tribute, Definition(s): n.: An annual or stated sum of money or other valuable thing paid by one ruler or nation to another either as an acknowledgment of submission or as the price of peace and protection or by virtue of some treaty; as the Romans made their conquered countries pay tribute.; n.: A personal contribution as of money praise service etc. made in token of services rendered or as that which is due or deserved; as a tribute of affection.; n.: A certain proportion of the ore raised or of its value given to the miner as his recompense.; v. i.: To pay as tribute.
Found on page(s): [98]

path, - path,, Definition(s): n.: A trodden way; a footway.; n.: A way course or track in which anything moves or has moved; route; passage; an established way; as the path of a meteor of a caravan of a storm of a pestilence. Also used figuratively of a course of life or action.; v. t.: To make a path in or on (something) or for (some one).; v. i.: To walk or go.
Found on page(s): [67]

Florence - Florence, Definition(s): n.: An ancient gold coin of the time of Edward III. of six shillings sterling value.; n.: A kind of cloth.
Found on page(s): [18, 37, 55, 68, 81, 89, 96, 97, 98, 99]

quiet, - quiet,, Definition(s): a.: In a state of rest or calm; without stir motion or agitation; still; as a quiet sea; quiet air.; a.: Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still.; a.: Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled; as a quiet life; a quiet conscience.; a.: Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented.; a.: Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative; as a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement.; a.: The quality or state of being quiet or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet.; a.: Freedom from disturbance noise or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security.; v. t.: To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest or of silence.; v. t.: To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize; as to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief.; v. i.: To become still silent or calm; -- often with down; as be soon quieted down.
Found on page(s): [6]

reliable - reliable, Definition(s): a.: Suitable or fit to be relied on; worthy of dependance or reliance; trustworthy.
Found on page(s): [90]

relate - relate, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring back; to restore.; v. t.: To refer; to ascribe as to a source.; v. t.: To recount; to narrate; to tell over.; v. t.: To ally by connection or kindred.; v. i.: To stand in some relation; to have bearing or concern; to pertain; to refer; -- with to.; v. i.: To make reference; to take account.
Found on page(s): [86]

lost - lost, Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [4, 10, 12, 13, 18, 35, 37, 42, 56, 72, 74, 90, 102, 104]

bodily - bodily, Definition(s): a.: Having a body or material form; physical; corporeal; consisting of matter.; a.: Of or pertaining to the body in distinction from the mind.; a.: Real; actual; put in execution.; adv.: Corporeally; in bodily form; united with a body or matter; in the body.; adv.: In respect to or so as to affect the entire body or mass; entirely; all at once; completely; as to carry away bodily. Leapt bodily below.
Found on page(s): [87]

combat. - combat., Definition(s): v. i.: To struggle or contend as with an opposing force; to fight.; v. t.: To fight with; to oppose by force argument etc.; to contend against; to resist.; n.: A fight; a contest of violence; a struggle for supremacy.; n.: An engagement of no great magnitude; or one in which the parties engaged are not armies.
Found on page(s): [78]

whom, - whom,, Definition(s): pron.: The objective case of who. See Who.
Found on page(s): [49]

went, - went,, Definition(s): : of Wend.; : imp. & p. p. of Wend; -- now obsolete except as the imperfect of go with which it has no etymological connection. See Go.; n.: Course; way; path; journey; direction.
Found on page(s): [43]

resemblance - resemblance, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of resembling; likeness; similitude; similarity.; n.: That which resembles or is similar; a representation; a likeness.; n.: A comparison; a simile.; n.: Probability; verisimilitude.
Found on page(s): [16, 43]

lose - lose, Definition(s): v. t.: To part with unintentionally or unwillingly as by accident misfortune negligence penalty forfeit etc.; to be deprived of; as to lose money from one's purse or pocket or in business or gaming; to lose an arm or a leg by amputation; to lose men in battle.; v. t.: To cease to have; to possess no longer; to suffer diminution of; as to lose one's relish for anything; to lose one's health.; v. t.: Not to employ; to employ ineffectually; to throw away; to waste; to squander; as to lose a day; to lose the benefits of instruction.; v. t.: To wander from; to miss so as not to be able to and; to go astray from; as to lose one's way.; v. t.: To ruin; to destroy; as destroy; as the ship was lost on the ledge.; v. t.: To be deprived of the view of; to cease to see or know the whereabouts of; as he lost his companion in the crowd.; v. t.: To fail to obtain or enjoy; to fail to gain or win; hence to fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss; as I lost a part of what he said.; v. t.: To cause to part with; to deprive of.; v. t.: To prevent from gaining or obtaining.; v. i.: To suffer loss disadvantage or defeat; to be worse off esp. as the result of any kind of contest.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 13, 36, 40, 45, 47, 64, 72, 80, 96, 99]

exceptional - exceptional, Definition(s): a.: Forming an exception; not ordinary; uncommon; rare; hence better than the average; superior.
Found on page(s): [104]

empire, - empire,, Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [24, 58, 60]

empire. - empire., Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [17]

Senate, - Senate,, Definition(s): n.: An assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions.; n.: A body of elders appointed or elected from among the nobles of the nation and having supreme legislative authority.; n.: The upper and less numerous branch of a legislature in various countries as in France in the United States in most of the separate States of the United States and in some Swiss cantons.; n.: In general a legislative body; a state council; the legislative department of government.; n.: The governing body of the Universities of Cambridge and London.; n.: In some American colleges a council of elected students presided over by the president of the college to which are referred cases of discipline and matters of general concern affecting the students.
Found on page(s): [50, 58, 59]

Moses - Moses, Definition(s): n.: A large flatboat used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.
Found on page(s): [15]

expanse - expanse, Definition(s): n.: That which is expanded or spread out; a wide extent of space or body; especially the arch of the sky.; v. t.: To expand.
Found on page(s): [100]

knowing - knowing, Definition(s): a.: Skilful; well informed; intelligent; as a knowing man; a knowing dog.; a.: Artful; cunning; as a knowing rascal.; n.: Knowledge; hence experience.
Found on page(s): [14, 36, 56, 67, 78, 96, 98, 101]

wore - wore, Definition(s): : imp. of Wear.; : imp. of Ware.
Found on page(s): [104]

stated - stated, Definition(s): a.: Settled; established; fixed.; a.: Recurring at regular time; not occasional; as stated preaching; stated business hours.
Found on page(s): [13, 18, 26, 30]

internal - internal, Definition(s): a.: Inward; interior; being within any limit or surface; inclosed; -- opposed to external; as the internal parts of a body or of the earth.; a.: Derived from or dependent on the thing itself; inherent; as the internal evidence of the divine origin of the Scriptures.; a.: Pertaining to its own affairs or interests; especially (said of a country) domestic as opposed to foreign; as internal trade; internal troubles or war.; a.: Pertaining to the inner being or the heart; spiritual.; a.: Intrinsic; inherent; real.; a.: Lying toward the mesial plane; mesial.
Found on page(s): [66]

architect - architect, Definition(s): n.: A person skilled in the art of building; one who understands architecture or makes it his occupation to form plans and designs of buildings and to superintend the artificers employed.; n.: A contriver designer or maker.
Found on page(s): [18]

cannot; - cannot;, Definition(s): : Am is or are not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Found on page(s): [6]

enjoy - enjoy, Definition(s): v. t.: To take pleasure or satisfaction in the possession or experience of; to feel or perceive with pleasure; to be delighted with; as to enjoy the dainties of a feast; to enjoy conversation.; v. t.: To have possess and use with satisfaction; to occupy or have the benefit of as a good or profitable thing or as something desirable; as to enjoy a free constitution and religious liberty.; v. t.: To have sexual intercourse with.; v. i.: To take satisfaction; to live in happiness.
Found on page(s): [7, 72, 103]

ecclesiastical - ecclesiastical, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the church; relating to the organization or government of the church; not secular; as ecclesiastical affairs or history; ecclesiastical courts.
Found on page(s): [31, 87]

secret - secret, Definition(s): a.: Hidden; concealed; as secret treasure; secret plans; a secret vow.; a.: Withdraw from general intercourse or notice; in retirement or secrecy; secluded.; a.: Faithful to a secret; not inclined to divulge or betray confidence; secretive.; a.: Separate; distinct.; a.: Something studiously concealed; a thing kept from general knowledge; what is not revealed or not to be revealed.; a.: A thing not discovered; what is unknown or unexplained; a mystery.; a.: The parts which modesty and propriety require to be concealed; the genital organs.; v. t.: To keep secret.
Found on page(s): [25, 64, 84, 93, 95]

foundation - foundation, Definition(s): n.: The act of founding fixing establishing or beginning to erect.; n.: That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; groundwork; basis.; n.: The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall including the base course (see Base course (a) under Base n.) and footing courses; in a frame house the whole substructure of masonry.; n.: A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution and constituting a permanent fund; endowment.; n.: That which is founded or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.
Found on page(s): [29, 65, 66, 78]

ourselves - ourselves, Definition(s): pron.: ; sing. Ourself (/). An emphasized form of the pronoun of the first person plural; -- used as a subject usually with we; also alone in the predicate in the nominative or the objective case.
Found on page(s): [43]

yourself, - yourself,, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized or reflexive form of the pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with you; as you yourself shall see it; also alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as you have injured yourself.
Found on page(s): [66]

naturally - naturally, Definition(s): adv.: In a natural manner or way; according to the usual course of things; spontaneously.
Found on page(s): [3, 31]

across - across, Definition(s): n.: From side to side; athwart; crosswise or in a direction opposed to the length; quite over; as a bridge laid across a river.; adv.: From side to side; crosswise; as with arms folded across.; adv.: Obliquely; athwart; amiss; awry.
Found on page(s): [101]

cannot, - cannot,, Definition(s): : Am is or are not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Found on page(s): [51]

eat - eat, Definition(s): : of Eat.; : of Eat.; v. t.: To chew and swallow as food; to devour; -- said especially of food not liquid; as to eat bread.; v. t.: To corrode as metal by rust; to consume the flesh as a cancer; to waste or wear away; to destroy gradually; to cause to disappear.; v. i.: To take food; to feed; especially to take solid in distinction from liquid food; to board.; v. i.: To taste or relish; as it eats like tender beef.; v. i.: To make one's way slowly.
Found on page(s): [106]

peace. - peace., Definition(s): v.: Exemption from or cessation of war with public enemies.; v.: Public quiet order and contentment in obedience to law.; v.: Exemption from or subjection of agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience.; v.: Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord.; v. t. & i.: To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
Found on page(s): [15, 103]

yourself; - yourself;, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized or reflexive form of the pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with you; as you yourself shall see it; also alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as you have injured yourself.
Found on page(s): [73]

useless. - useless., Definition(s): a.: Having or being of no use; unserviceable; producing no good end; answering no valuable purpose; not advancing the end proposed; unprofitable; ineffectual; as a useless garment; useless pity.
Found on page(s): [69, 101]

infinite. - infinite., Definition(s): a.: Unlimited or boundless in time or space; as infinite duration or distance.; a.: Without limit in power capacity knowledge or excellence; boundless; immeasurably or inconceivably great; perfect; as the infinite wisdom and goodness of God; -- opposed to finite.; a.: Indefinitely large or extensive; great; vast; immense; gigantic; prodigious.; a.: Greater than any assignable quantity of the same kind; -- said of certain quantities.; a.: Capable of endless repetition; -- said of certain forms of the canon called also perpetual fugues so constructed that their ends lead to their beginnings and the performance may be incessantly repeated.; n.: That which is infinite; boundless space or duration; infinity; boundlessness.; n.: An infinite quantity or magnitude.; n.: An infinity; an incalculable or very great number.; n.: The Infinite Being; God; the Almighty.
Found on page(s): [55]

wherein, - wherein,, Definition(s): adv.: In which; in which place thing time respect or the like; -- used relatively.; adv.: In what; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [2]

HURTFUL? - HURTFUL?, Definition(s): a.: Tending to impair or damage; injurious; mischievous; occasioning loss or injury; as hurtful words or conduct.
Found on page(s): [62]

haste - haste, Definition(s): n.: Celerity of motion; speed; swiftness; dispatch; expedition; -- applied only to voluntary beings as men and other animals.; n.: The state of being urged or pressed by business; hurry; urgency; sudden excitement of feeling or passion; precipitance; vehemence.; n.: To hasten; to hurry.
Found on page(s): [96]

destructive - destructive, Definition(s): a.: Causing destruction; tending to bring about ruin death or devastation; ruinous; fatal; productive of serious evil; mischievous; pernicious; -- often with of or to; as intemperance is destructive of health; evil examples are destructive to the morals of youth.; n.: One who destroys; a radical reformer; a destructionist.
Found on page(s): [61]

opinion - opinion, Definition(s): n.: That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action.; n.: The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.; n.: Favorable estimation; hence consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.; n.: Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.; n.: The formal decision or expression of views of a judge an umpire a counselor or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.; v. t.: To opine.
Found on page(s): [42, 43, 53, 69, 73, 102]

Chance - Chance, Definition(s): n.: A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force law or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified.; n.: The operation or activity of such agent.; n.: The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty.; n.: A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him.; n.: Probability.; v. i.: To happen come or arrive without design or expectation.; v. t.: To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object.; v. t.: To befall; to happen to.; a.: Happening by chance; casual.; adv.: By chance; perchance.
Found on page(s): [73]

altogether - altogether, Definition(s): adv.: All together; conjointly.; adv.: Without exception; wholly; completely.
Found on page(s): [27, 53, 78]

soldier - soldier, Definition(s): n.: One who is engaged in military service as an officer or a private; one who serves in an army; one of an organized body of combatants.; n.: Especially a private in military service as distinguished from an officer.; n.: A brave warrior; a man of military experience and skill or a man of distinguished valor; -- used by way of emphasis or distinction.; n.: The red or cuckoo gurnard (Trigla pini.; n.: One of the asexual polymorphic forms of white ants or termites in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest. See Termite.; v. i.: To serve as a soldier.; v. i.: To make a pretense of doing something or of performing any task.
Found on page(s): [36]

devotion - devotion, Definition(s): n.: The act of devoting; consecration.; n.: The state of being devoted; addiction; eager inclination; strong attachment love or affection; zeal; especially feelings toward God appropriately expressed by acts of worship; devoutness.; n.: Act of devotedness or devoutness; manifestation of strong attachment; act of worship; prayer.; n.: Disposal; power of disposal.; n.: A thing consecrated; an object of devotion.
Found on page(s): [1, 104]

unarmed - unarmed, Definition(s): a.: Not armed or armored; having no arms or weapons.; a.: Having no hard and sharp projections as spines prickles spurs claws etc.
Found on page(s): [16, 42, 84]

escape. - escape., Definition(s): v.: To flee from and avoid; to be saved or exempt from; to shun; to obtain security from; as to escape danger.; v.: To avoid the notice of; to pass unobserved by; to evade; as the fact escaped our attention.; v. i.: To flee and become secure from danger; -- often followed by from or out of.; v. i.: To get clear from danger or evil of any form; to be passed without harm.; v. i.: To get free from that which confines or holds; -- used of persons or things; as to escape from prison from arrest or from slavery; gas escapes from the pipes; electricity escapes from its conductors.; n.: The act of fleeing from danger of evading harm or of avoiding notice; deliverance from injury or any evil; flight; as an escape in battle; a narrow escape; also the means of escape; as a fire escape.; n.: That which escapes attention or restraint; a mistake; an oversight; also transgression.; n.: A sally.; n.: The unlawful permission by a jailer or other custodian of a prisoner's departure from custody.; n.: An apophyge.; n.: Leakage or outflow as of steam or a liquid.; n.: Leakage or loss of currents from the conducting wires caused by defective insulation.
Found on page(s): [55, 84]

defender - defender, Definition(s): n.: One who defends; one who maintains supports protects or vindicates; a champion; an advocate; a vindicator.
Found on page(s): [6]

avarice - avarice, Definition(s): n.: An excessive or inordinate desire of gain; greediness after wealth; covetousness; cupidity.; n.: An inordinate desire for some supposed good.
Found on page(s): [57]

principality - principality, Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [15, 27, 28, 41, 42, 62]

prepared - prepared, Definition(s): a.: Made fit or suitable; adapted; ready; as prepared food; prepared questions.
Found on page(s): [17, 27, 37, 44, 74, 78, 85, 97]

craft - craft, Definition(s): n.: Strength; might; secret power.; n.: Art or skill; dexterity in particular manual employment; hence the occupation or employment itself; manual art; a trade.; n.: Those engaged in any trade taken collectively; a guild; as the craft of ironmongers.; n.: Cunning art or skill in a bad sense or applied to bad purposes; artifice; guile; skill or dexterity employed to effect purposes by deceit or shrewd devices.; n.: A vessel; vessels of any kind; -- generally used in a collective sense.; v. t.: To play tricks; to practice artifice.
Found on page(s): [63, 68]

conqueror." - conqueror.", Definition(s): n.: One who conquers.
Found on page(s): [67]

pretence - pretence, Definition(s): a.: Alt.; n.: The act of laying claim; the claim laid; assumption; pretension.; n.: The act of holding out or offering to others something false or feigned; presentation of what is deceptive or hypocritical; deception by showing what is unreal and concealing what is real; false show; simulation; as pretense of illness; under pretense of patriotism; on pretense of revenging Caesar's death.; n.: That which is pretended; false deceptive or hypocritical show argument or reason; pretext; feint.; n.: Intention; design.
Found on page(s): [20]

bowshot - bowshot, Definition(s): n.: The distance traversed by an arrow shot from a bow.
Found on page(s): [96]

seen, - seen,, Definition(s): : p. p. of See.; a.: Versed; skilled; accomplished.
Found on page(s): [30, 41, 44, 72, 73, 74, 76, 78]

Empire(*) - Empire(*), Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [41]

rising, - rising,, Definition(s): a.: Attaining a higher place; taking or moving in an upward direction; appearing above the horizon; ascending; as the rising moon.; a.: Increasing in wealth power or distinction; as a rising state; a rising character.; a.: Growing; advancing to adult years and to the state of active life; as the rising generation.; prep.: More than; exceeding; upwards of; as a horse rising six years of age.; n.: The act of one who or that which rises (in any sense).; n.: That which rises; a tumor; a boil.
Found on page(s): [17]

discover - discover, Definition(s): v. t.: To uncover.; v. t.: To disclose; to lay open to view; to make visible; to reveal; to make known; to show (what has been secret unseen or unknown).; v. t.: To obtain for the first time sight or knowledge of as of a thing existing already but not perceived or known; to find; to ascertain; to espy; to detect.; v. t.: To manifest without design; to show.; v. t.: To explore; to examine.; v. i.: To discover or show one's self.
Found on page(s): [51, 76]

midday - midday, Definition(s): a.: The middle part of the day; noon.; a.: Of or pertaining to noon; meridional; as the midday sun.
Found on page(s): [102]

army, - army,, Definition(s): n.: A collection or body of men armed for war esp. one organized in companies battalions regiments brigades and divisions under proper officers.; n.: A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as the Blue Ribbon Army.; n.: A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Found on page(s): [24, 29, 43, 47, 49, 59, 90, 93, 94, 99]

peace, - peace,, Definition(s): v.: Exemption from or cessation of war with public enemies.; v.: Public quiet order and contentment in obedience to law.; v.: Exemption from or subjection of agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience.; v.: Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord.; v. t. & i.: To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
Found on page(s): [57, 63, 94]

Bologna; - Bologna;, Definition(s): n.: A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.; n.: A Bologna sausage.
Found on page(s): [55]

Bologna: - Bologna:, Definition(s): n.: A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.; n.: A Bologna sausage.
Found on page(s): [80]

capture - capture, Definition(s): n.: The act of seizing by force or getting possession of by superior power or by stratagem; as the capture of an enemy a vessel or a criminal.; n.: The securing of an object of strife or desire as by the power of some attraction.; n.: The thing taken by force surprise or stratagem; a prize; prey.; v. t.: To seize or take possession of by force surprise or stratagem; to overcome and hold; to secure by effort.
Found on page(s): [80, 92]

Philip, - Philip,, Definition(s): n.: The European hedge sparrow.; n.: The house sparrow. Called also phip.
Found on page(s): [42]

standstill. - standstill., Definition(s): n.: A standing without moving forward or backward; a stop; a state or rest.
Found on page(s): [81]

estimation - estimation, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of estimating.; v. t.: An opinion or judgment of the worth extent or quantity of anything formed without using precise data; valuation; as estimations of distance magnitude amount or moral qualities.; v. t.: Favorable opinion; esteem; regard; honor.; v. t.: Supposition; conjecture.
Found on page(s): [88]

army; - army;, Definition(s): n.: A collection or body of men armed for war esp. one organized in companies battalions regiments brigades and divisions under proper officers.; n.: A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as the Blue Ribbon Army.; n.: A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Found on page(s): [43, 59, 60, 90, 96]

whoever, - whoever,, Definition(s): pron.: Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one who; as he shall be punished whoever he may be.
Found on page(s): [65]

provision - provision, Definition(s): n.: The act of providing or making previous preparation.; n.: That which is provided or prepared; that which is brought together or arranged in advance; measures taken beforehand; preparation.; n.: Especially a stock of food; any kind of eatables collected or stored; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which is stipulated in advance; a condition; a previous agreement; a proviso; as the provisions of a contract; the statute has many provisions.; n.: A canonical term for regular induction into a benefice comprehending nomination collation and installation.; n.: A nomination by the pope to a benefice before it became vacant depriving the patron of his right of presentation.; v. t.: To supply with food; to victual; as to provision a garrison.
Found on page(s): [30, 72]

brother-in-law. - brother-in-law., Definition(s): n.: The brother of one's husband or wife; also the husband of one's sister; sometimes the husband of one's wife's sister.
Found on page(s): [82]

(whence - (whence, Definition(s): adv.: From what place; hence from what or which source origin antecedent premise or the like; how; -- used interrogatively.; adv.: From what or which place source material cause etc.; the place source etc. from which; -- used relatively.
Found on page(s): [11]

GOVERN - GOVERN, Definition(s): v. t.: To direct and control as the actions or conduct of men either by established laws or by arbitrary will; to regulate by authority.; v. t.: To regulate; to influence; to direct; to restrain; to manage; as to govern the life; to govern a horse.; v. t.: To require to be in a particular case; as a transitive verb governs a noun in the objective case; or to require (a particular case); as a transitive verb governs the objective case.; v. i.: To exercise authority; to administer the laws; to have the control.
Found on page(s): [13]

Bologna, - Bologna,, Definition(s): n.: A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.; n.: A Bologna sausage.
Found on page(s): [19, 33, 75, 78, 80]

army. - army., Definition(s): n.: A collection or body of men armed for war esp. one organized in companies battalions regiments brigades and divisions under proper officers.; n.: A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as the Blue Ribbon Army.; n.: A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Found on page(s): [101]

associate, - associate,, Definition(s): v. t.: To join with one as a friend companion partner or confederate; as to associate others with us in business or in an enterprise.; v. t.: To join or connect; to combine in acting; as particles of gold associated with other substances.; v. t.: To connect or place together in thought.; v. t.: To accompany; to keep company with.; v. i.: To unite in company; to keep company implying intimacy; as congenial minds are disposed to associate.; v. i.: To unite in action or to be affected by the action of a different part of the body.; a.: Closely connected or joined with some other as in interest purpose employment or office; sharing responsibility or authority; as an associate judge.; a.: Admitted to some but not to all rights and privileges; as an associate member.; a.: Connected by habit or sympathy; as associate motions such as occur sympathetically in consequence of preceding motions.; n.: A companion; one frequently in company with another implying intimacy or equality; a mate; a fellow.; n.: A partner in interest as in business; or a confederate in a league.; n.: One connected with an association or institution without the full rights or privileges of a regular member; as an associate of the Royal Academy.; n.: Anything closely or usually connected with another; an concomitant.
Found on page(s): [9]

freedom, - freedom,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence.; n.: Privileges; franchises; immunities.; n.: Exemption from necessity in choise and action; as the freedom of the will.; n.: Ease; facility; as he speaks or acts with freedom.; n.: Frankness; openness; unreservedness.; n.: Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license.; n.: Generosity; liberality.
Found on page(s): [13]

authority, - authority,, Definition(s): n.: Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as the authority of a prince over subjects and of parents over children; the authority of a court.; n.: Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as the local authorities of the States; the military authorities.; n.: The power derived from opinion respect or esteem; influence of character office or station or mental or moral superiority and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.; n.: That which or one who is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions actions measures etc.; n.: Testimony; witness.; n.: A precedent; a decision of a court an official declaration or an opinion saying or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent.; n.: A book containing such a statement or opinion or the author of the book.; n.: Justification; warrant.
Found on page(s): [6, 20, 29, 56, 57, 61]

authority. - authority., Definition(s): n.: Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as the authority of a prince over subjects and of parents over children; the authority of a court.; n.: Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as the local authorities of the States; the military authorities.; n.: The power derived from opinion respect or esteem; influence of character office or station or mental or moral superiority and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.; n.: That which or one who is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions actions measures etc.; n.: Testimony; witness.; n.: A precedent; a decision of a court an official declaration or an opinion saying or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent.; n.: A book containing such a statement or opinion or the author of the book.; n.: Justification; warrant.
Found on page(s): [7, 8, 27]

Wishing, - Wishing,, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Wish v. t.
Found on page(s): [56]

freedom. - freedom., Definition(s): n.: The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence.; n.: Privileges; franchises; immunities.; n.: Exemption from necessity in choise and action; as the freedom of the will.; n.: Ease; facility; as he speaks or acts with freedom.; n.: Frankness; openness; unreservedness.; n.: Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license.; n.: Generosity; liberality.
Found on page(s): [96]

cavalry. - cavalry., Definition(s): n.: That part of military force which serves on horseback.
Found on page(s): [100, 101]

authority; - authority;, Definition(s): n.: Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as the authority of a prince over subjects and of parents over children; the authority of a court.; n.: Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as the local authorities of the States; the military authorities.; n.: The power derived from opinion respect or esteem; influence of character office or station or mental or moral superiority and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.; n.: That which or one who is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions actions measures etc.; n.: Testimony; witness.; n.: A precedent; a decision of a court an official declaration or an opinion saying or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent.; n.: A book containing such a statement or opinion or the author of the book.; n.: Justification; warrant.
Found on page(s): [38]

cavalry, - cavalry,, Definition(s): n.: That part of military force which serves on horseback.
Found on page(s): [38, 78, 101]

walking - walking, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Walk v.
Found on page(s): [14]

spend - spend, Definition(s): v. t.: To weigh or lay out; to dispose of; to part with; as to spend money for clothing.; v. t.: To bestow; to employ; -- often with on or upon.; v. t.: To consume; to waste; to squander; to exhaust; as to spend an estate in gaming or other vices.; v. t.: To pass as time; to suffer to pass away; as to spend a day idly; to spend winter abroad.; v. t.: To exhaust of force or strength; to waste; to wear away; as the violence of the waves was spent.; v. i.: To expend money or any other possession; to consume use waste or part with anything; as he who gets easily spends freely.; v. i.: To waste or wear away; to be consumed; to lose force or strength; to vanish; as energy spends in the using of it.; v. i.: To be diffused; to spread.; v. i.: To break ground; to continue working.
Found on page(s): [5, 105]

grave - grave, Definition(s): v. t.: To clean as a vessel's bottom of barnacles grass etc. and pay it over with pitch; -- so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose.; superl.: Of great weight; heavy; ponderous.; superl.: Of importance; momentous; weighty; influential; sedate; serious; -- said of character relations etc.; as grave deportment character influence etc.; superl.: Not light or gay; solemn; sober; plain; as a grave color; a grave face.; superl.: Not acute or sharp; low; deep; -- said of sound; as a grave note or key.; superl.: Slow and solemn in movement.; n.: To dig. [Obs.] Chaucer.; n.: To carve or cut as letters or figures on some hard substance; to engrave.; n.: To carve out or give shape to by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture; as to grave an image.; n.: To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.; n.: To entomb; to bury.; v. i.: To write or delineate on hard substances by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.; n.: An excavation in the earth as a place of burial; also any place of interment; a tomb; a sepulcher. Hence: Death; destruction.
Found on page(s): [25, 59]

advantage - advantage, Definition(s): n.: Any condition circumstance opportunity or means particularly favorable to success or to any desired end; benefit; as the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.; n.: Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.; n.: Superiority of state or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as the advantage of a good constitution.; n.: Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).; v. t.: To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [7, 11, 26, 97, 99, 101]

spent - spent, Definition(s): a.: Exhausted; worn out; having lost energy or motive force.; a.: Exhausted of spawn or sperm; -- said especially of fishes.
Found on page(s): [25]

ultimately - ultimately, Definition(s): adv.: As a final consequence; at last; in the end; as afflictions often tend to correct immoral habits and ultimately prove blessings.
Found on page(s): [24]

rapacity - rapacity, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being rapacious; rapaciousness; ravenousness; as the rapacity of pirates; the rapacity of wolves.; n.: The act or practice of extorting or exacting by oppressive injustice; exorbitant greediness of gain.
Found on page(s): [47, 60]

command - command, Definition(s): v. t.: To order with authority; to lay injunction upon; to direct; to bid; to charge.; v. t.: To exercise direct authority over; to have control of; to have at one's disposal; to lead.; v. t.: To have within a sphere of control influence access or vision; to dominate by position; to guard; to overlook.; v. t.: To have power or influence of the nature of authority over; to obtain as if by ordering; to receive as a due; to challenge; to claim; as justice commands the respect and affections of the people; the best goods command the best price.; v. t.: To direct to come; to bestow.; v. i.: To have or to exercise direct authority; to govern; to sway; to influence; to give an order or orders.; v. i.: To have a view as from a superior position.; n.: An authoritative order requiring obedience; a mandate; an injunction.; n.: The possession or exercise of authority.; n.: Authority; power or right of control; leadership; as the forces under his command.; n.: Power to dominate command or overlook by means of position; scope of vision; survey.; n.: Control; power over something; sway; influence; as to have command over one's temper or voice; the fort has command of the bridge.; n.: A body of troops or any naval or military force or post or the whole territory under the authority or control of a particular officer.
Found on page(s): [19, 76, 87, 90, 94, 95, 100]

freedom; - freedom;, Definition(s): n.: The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence.; n.: Privileges; franchises; immunities.; n.: Exemption from necessity in choise and action; as the freedom of the will.; n.: Ease; facility; as he speaks or acts with freedom.; n.: Frankness; openness; unreservedness.; n.: Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license.; n.: Generosity; liberality.
Found on page(s): [2]

mud," - mud,", Definition(s): n.: Earth and water mixed so as to be soft and adhesive.; v. t.: To bury in mud.; v. t.: To make muddy or turbid.
Found on page(s): [29]

sufficiently - sufficiently, Definition(s): adv.: To a sufficient degree; to a degree that answers the purpose or gives content; enough; as we are sufficiently supplied with food; a man sufficiently qualified for the discharge of his official duties.
Found on page(s): [20, 45, 75, 81, 90, 94]

desperate - desperate, Definition(s): a.: Without hope; given to despair; hopeless.; a.: Beyond hope; causing despair; extremely perilous; irretrievable; past cure or at least extremely dangerous; as a desperate disease; desperate fortune.; a.: Proceeding from or suggested by despair; without regard to danger or safety; reckless; furious; as a desperate effort.; a.: Extreme in a bad sense; outrageous; -- used to mark the extreme predominance of a bad quality.; n.: One desperate or hopeless.
Found on page(s): [59]

leading - leading, Definition(s): a.: Guiding; directing; controlling; foremost; as a leading motive; a leading man; a leading example.; n.: The act of guiding directing governing or enticing; guidance.; n.: Suggestion; hint; example.
Found on page(s): [27, 89, 96, 102]

branch - branch, Definition(s): n.: A shoot or secondary stem growing from the main stem or from a principal limb or bough of a tree or other plant.; n.: Any division extending like a branch; any arm or part connected with the main body of thing; ramification; as the branch of an antler; the branch of a chandelier; a branch of a river; a branch of a railway.; n.: Any member or part of a body or system; a distinct article; a section or subdivision; a department.; n.: One of the portions of a curve that extends outwards to an indefinitely great distance; as the branches of an hyperbola.; n.: A line of family descent in distinction from some other line or lines from the same stock; any descendant in such a line; as the English branch of a family.; n.: A warrant or commission given to a pilot authorizing him to pilot vessels in certain waters.; a.: Diverging from or tributary to a main stock line way theme etc.; as a branch vein; a branch road or line; a branch topic; a branch store.; v. i.: To shoot or spread in branches; to separate into branches; to ramify.; v. i.: To divide into separate parts or subdivision.; v. t.: To divide as into branches; to make subordinate division in.; v. t.: To adorn with needlework representing branches flowers or twigs.
Found on page(s): [70]

accident, - accident,, Definition(s): n.: Literally a befalling; an event that takes place without one's foresight or expectation; an undesigned sudden and unexpected event; chance; contingency; often an undesigned and unforeseen occurrence of an afflictive or unfortunate character; a casualty; a mishap; as to die by an accident.; n.: A property attached to a word but not essential to it as gender number case.; n.: A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms.; n.: A property or quality of a thing which is not essential to it as whiteness in paper; an attribute.; n.: A quality or attribute in distinction from the substance as sweetness softness.; n.: Any accidental property fact or relation; an accidental or nonessential; as beauty is an accident.; n.: Unusual appearance or effect.
Found on page(s): [6]

understanding - understanding, Definition(s): a.: Knowing; intelligent; skillful; as he is an understanding man.; n.: The act of one who understands a thing in any sense of the verb; knowledge; discernment; comprehension; interpretation; explanation.; n.: An agreement of opinion or feeling; adjustment of differences; harmony; anything mutually understood or agreed upon; as to come to an understanding with another.; n.: The power to understand; the intellectual faculty; the intelligence; the rational powers collectively conceived an designated; the higher capacities of the intellect; the power to distinguish truth from falsehood and to adapt means to ends.; n.: Specifically the discursive faculty; the faculty of knowing by the medium or use of general conceptions or relations. In this sense it is contrasted with and distinguished from the reason.
Found on page(s): [1, 24]

empire - empire, Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 37, 46, 56, 57, 58, 59, 99]

agreeable - agreeable, Definition(s): a.: Pleasing either to the mind or senses; pleasant; grateful; as agreeable manners or remarks; an agreeable person; fruit agreeable to the taste.; a.: Willing; ready to agree or consent.; a.: Agreeing or suitable; conformable; correspondent; concordant; adapted; -- followed by to rarely by with.; a.: In pursuance conformity or accordance; -- in this sense used adverbially for agreeably; as agreeable to the order of the day the House took up the report.
Found on page(s): [75]

happen, - happen,, Definition(s): v. i.: To come by chance; to come without previous expectation; to fall out.; v. i.: To take place; to occur.
Found on page(s): [22, 73, 92]

pope, - pope,, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [32]

pretext, - pretext,, Definition(s): n.: Ostensible reason or motive assigned or assumed as a color or cover for the real reason or motive; pretense; disguise.
Found on page(s): [58]

economy - economy, Definition(s): n.: The management of domestic affairs; the regulation and government of household matters; especially as they concern expense or disbursement; as a careful economy.; n.: Orderly arrangement and management of the internal affairs of a state or of any establishment kept up by production and consumption; esp. such management as directly concerns wealth; as political economy.; n.: The system of rules and regulations by which anything is managed; orderly system of regulating the distribution and uses of parts conceived as the result of wise and economical adaptation in the author whether human or divine; as the animal or vegetable economy; the economy of a poem; the Jewish economy.; n.: Thrifty and frugal housekeeping; management without loss or waste; frugality in expenditure; prudence and disposition to save; as a housekeeper accustomed to economy but not to parsimony.
Found on page(s): [46]

impetuous - impetuous, Definition(s): a.: Rushing with force and violence; moving with impetus; furious; forcible; violent; as an impetuous wind; an impetuous torrent.; a.: Vehement in feeling; hasty; passionate; violent; as a man of impetuous temper.
Found on page(s): [75]

stop - stop, Definition(s): v. t.: To close as an aperture by filling or by obstructing; as to stop the ears; hence to stanch as a wound.; v. t.: To obstruct; to render impassable; as to stop a way road or passage.; v. t.: To arrest the progress of; to hinder; to impede; to shut in; as to stop a traveler; to stop the course of a stream or a flow of blood.; v. t.: To hinder from acting or moving; to prevent the effect or efficiency of; to cause to cease; to repress; to restrain; to suppress; to interrupt; to suspend; as to stop the execution of a decree the progress of vice the approaches of old age or infirmity.; v. t.: To regulate the sounds of as musical strings by pressing them against the finger board with the finger or by shortening in any way the vibrating part.; v. t.: To point as a composition; to punctuate.; v. t.: To make fast; to stopper.; v. i.: To cease to go on; to halt or stand still; to come to a stop.; v. i.: To cease from any motion or course of action.; v. i.: To spend a short time; to reside temporarily; to stay; to tarry; as to stop with a friend.; n.: The act of stopping or the state of being stopped; hindrance of progress or of action; cessation; repression; interruption; check; obstruction.; n.: That which stops impedes or obstructs; as obstacle; an impediment; an obstruction.; n.: A device or piece as a pin block pawl etc. for arresting or limiting motion or for determining the position to which another part shall be brought.; n.: The closing of an aperture in the air passage or pressure of the finger upon the string of an instrument of music so as to modify the tone; hence any contrivance by which the sounds of a musical instrument are regulated.; n.: In the organ one of the knobs or handles at each side of the organist by which he can draw on or shut off any register or row of pipes; the register itself; as the vox humana stop.; n.: A member plain or molded formed of a separate piece and fixed to a jamb against which a door or window shuts. This takes the place or answers the purpose of a rebate. Also a pin or block to prevent a drawer from sliding too far.; n.: A point or mark in writing or printing intended to distinguish the sentences parts of a sentence or clauses; a mark of punctuation. See Punctuation.; n.: The diaphragm used in optical instruments to cut off the marginal portions of a beam of light passing through lenses.; n.: The depression in the face of a dog between the skull and the nasal bones. It is conspicuous in the bulldog pug and some other breeds.; n.: Some part of the articulating organs as the lips or the tongue and palate closed (a) so as to cut off the passage of breath or voice through the mouth and the nose (distinguished as a lip-stop or a front-stop etc. as in p t d etc.) or (b) so as to obstruct but not entirely cut off the passage as in l n etc.; also any of the consonants so formed.
Found on page(s): [81]

fortitude; - fortitude;, Definition(s): n.: Power to resist attack; strength; firmness.; n.: That strength or firmness of mind which enables a person to encounter danger with coolness and courage or to bear pain or adversity without murmuring depression or despondency; passive courage; resolute endurance; firmness in confronting or bearing up against danger or enduring trouble.
Found on page(s): [54]

Observe - Observe, Definition(s): v. t.: To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as to observe rules or commands; to observe civility.; v. t.: To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover; as to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army.; v. t.: To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark.; v. i.: To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend.; v. i.: To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Found on page(s): [52]

prudence - prudence, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being prudent; wisdom in the way of caution and provision; discretion; carefulness; hence also economy; frugality.
Found on page(s): [48, 67, 88]

appropriate - appropriate, Definition(s): a.: Set apart for a particular use or person. Hence: Belonging peculiarly; peculiar; suitable; fit; proper.; v. t.: To take to one's self in exclusion of others; to claim or use as by an exclusive right; as let no man appropriate the use of a common benefit.; v. t.: To set apart for or assign to a particular person or use in exclusion of all others; -- with to or for; as a spot of ground is appropriated for a garden; to appropriate money for the increase of the navy.; v. t.: To make suitable; to suit.; v. t.: To annex as a benefice to a spiritual corporation as its property.; n.: A property; attribute.
Found on page(s): [44]

liberal, - liberal,, Definition(s): a.: Free by birth; hence befitting a freeman or gentleman; refined; noble; independent; free; not servile or mean; as a liberal ancestry; a liberal spirit; liberal arts or studies.; a.: Bestowing in a large and noble way as a freeman; generous; bounteous; open-handed; as a liberal giver.; a.: Bestowed in a large way; hence more than sufficient; abundant; bountiful; ample; profuse; as a liberal gift; a liberal discharge of matter or of water.; a.: Not strict or rigorous; not confined or restricted to the literal sense; free; as a liberal translation of a classic or a liberal construction of law or of language.; a.: Not narrow or contracted in mind; not selfish; enlarged in spirit; catholic.; a.: Free to excess; regardless of law or moral restraint; licentious.; a.: Not bound by orthodox tenets or established forms in political or religious philosophy; independent in opinion; not conservative; friendly to great freedom in the constitution or administration of government; having tendency toward democratic or republican as distinguished from monarchical or aristocratic forms; as liberal thinkers; liberal Christians; the Liberal party.; n.: One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters; an opponent of the established systems; a reformer; in English politics a member of the Liberal party so called. Cf. Whig.
Found on page(s): [22, 45, 46, 47]

fair, - fair,, Definition(s): superl.: Free from spots specks dirt or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure.; superl.: Pleasing to the eye; handsome; beautiful.; superl.: Without a dark hue; light; clear; as a fair skin.; superl.: Not overcast; cloudless; clear; pleasant; propitious; favorable; -- said of the sky weather or wind etc.; as a fair sky; a fair day.; superl.: Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unincumbered; open; direct; -- said of a road passage etc.; as a fair mark; in fair sight; a fair view.; superl.: Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; fowing; -- said of the figure of a vessel and of surfaces water lines and other lines.; superl.: Characterized by frankness honesty impartiality or candor; open; upright; free from suspicion or bias; equitable; just; -- said of persons character or conduct; as a fair man; fair dealing; a fair statement.; superl.: Pleasing; favorable; inspiring hope and confidence; -- said of words promises etc.; superl.: Distinct; legible; as fair handwriting.; superl.: Free from any marked characteristic; average; middling; as a fair specimen.; adv.: Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably.; n.: Fairness beauty.; n.: A fair woman; a sweetheart.; n.: Good fortune; good luck.; v. t.: To make fair or beautiful.; v. t.: To make smooth and flowing as a vessel's lines.; n.: A gathering of buyers and sellers assembled at a particular place with their merchandise at a stated or regular season or by special appointment for trade.; n.: A festival and sale of fancy articles. erc. usually for some charitable object; as a Grand Army fair.; n.: A competitive exhibition of wares farm products etc. not primarily for purposes of sale; as the Mechanics' fair; an agricultural fair.
Found on page(s): [74]

Hellespont, - Hellespont,, Definition(s): n.: A narrow strait between Europe and Asia now called the Daradanelles. It connects the Aegean Sea and the sea of Marmora.
Found on page(s): [17]

disengaged; - disengaged;, Definition(s): a.: Not engaged; free from engagement; at leisure; free from occupation or care; vacant.
Found on page(s): [90]

immediately - immediately, Definition(s): adv.: In an immediate manner; without intervention of any other person or thing; proximately; directly; -- opposed to mediately; as immediately contiguous.; adv.: Without interval of time; without delay; promptly; instantly; at once.; adv.: As soon as. Cf. Directly 8 Note.
Found on page(s): [13, 16, 55, 94]

liberal; - liberal;, Definition(s): a.: Free by birth; hence befitting a freeman or gentleman; refined; noble; independent; free; not servile or mean; as a liberal ancestry; a liberal spirit; liberal arts or studies.; a.: Bestowing in a large and noble way as a freeman; generous; bounteous; open-handed; as a liberal giver.; a.: Bestowed in a large way; hence more than sufficient; abundant; bountiful; ample; profuse; as a liberal gift; a liberal discharge of matter or of water.; a.: Not strict or rigorous; not confined or restricted to the literal sense; free; as a liberal translation of a classic or a liberal construction of law or of language.; a.: Not narrow or contracted in mind; not selfish; enlarged in spirit; catholic.; a.: Free to excess; regardless of law or moral restraint; licentious.; a.: Not bound by orthodox tenets or established forms in political or religious philosophy; independent in opinion; not conservative; friendly to great freedom in the constitution or administration of government; having tendency toward democratic or republican as distinguished from monarchical or aristocratic forms; as liberal thinkers; liberal Christians; the Liberal party.; n.: One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters; an opponent of the established systems; a reformer; in English politics a member of the Liberal party so called. Cf. Whig.
Found on page(s): [46]

disposed, - disposed,, Definition(s): p. a.: Inclined; minded.; p. a.: Inclined to mirth; jolly.
Found on page(s): [70]

refuse - refuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To deny as a request demand invitation or command; to decline to do or grant.; v. t.: To throw back or cause to keep back (as the center a wing or a flank) out of the regular aligment when troops ar/ about to engage the enemy; as to refuse the right wing while the left wing attacks.; v. t.: To decline to accept; to reject; to deny the request or petition of; as to refuse a suitor.; v. t.: To disown.; v. i.: To deny compliance; not to comply.; n.: Refusal.; n.: That which is refused or rejected as useless; waste or worthless matter.; a.: Refused; rejected; hence; left as unworthy of acceptance; of no value; worthless.
Found on page(s): [75, 79]

elevated - elevated, Definition(s): a.: Uplifted; high; lofty; also animated; noble; as elevated thoughts.
Found on page(s): [17]

boldness - boldness, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being bold.
Found on page(s): [21, 75]

liberal. - liberal., Definition(s): a.: Free by birth; hence befitting a freeman or gentleman; refined; noble; independent; free; not servile or mean; as a liberal ancestry; a liberal spirit; liberal arts or studies.; a.: Bestowing in a large and noble way as a freeman; generous; bounteous; open-handed; as a liberal giver.; a.: Bestowed in a large way; hence more than sufficient; abundant; bountiful; ample; profuse; as a liberal gift; a liberal discharge of matter or of water.; a.: Not strict or rigorous; not confined or restricted to the literal sense; free; as a liberal translation of a classic or a liberal construction of law or of language.; a.: Not narrow or contracted in mind; not selfish; enlarged in spirit; catholic.; a.: Free to excess; regardless of law or moral restraint; licentious.; a.: Not bound by orthodox tenets or established forms in political or religious philosophy; independent in opinion; not conservative; friendly to great freedom in the constitution or administration of government; having tendency toward democratic or republican as distinguished from monarchical or aristocratic forms; as liberal thinkers; liberal Christians; the Liberal party.; n.: One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters; an opponent of the established systems; a reformer; in English politics a member of the Liberal party so called. Cf. Whig.
Found on page(s): [45, 46]

slay - slay, Definition(s): v. t.: To put to death with a weapon or by violence; hence to kill; to put an end to; to destroy.
Found on page(s): [24]

Burgundy, - Burgundy,, Definition(s): n.: An old province of France (in the eastern central part).; n.: A richly flavored wine mostly red made in Burgundy France.
Found on page(s): [5]

upside - upside, Definition(s): n.: The upper side; the part that is uppermost.
Found on page(s): [106]

severe - severe, Definition(s): superl.: Serious in feeeling or manner; sedate; grave; austere; not light lively or cheerful.; superl.: Very strict in judgment discipline or government; harsh; not mild or indulgent; rigorous; as severe criticism; severe punishment.; superl.: Rigidly methodical or adherent to rule or principle; exactly conformed to a standard; not allowing or employing unneccessary ornament amplification etc.; strict; -- said of style argument etc.; superl.: Sharp; afflictive; distressing; violent; extreme; as severe pain anguish fortune; severe cold.; superl.: Difficult to be endured; exact; critical; rigorous; as a severe test.
Found on page(s): [22, 99]

Meanwhile - Meanwhile, Definition(s): n.: The intervening time; as in the meantime (or mean time).; adv.: In the intervening time; during the interval.
Found on page(s): [94]

deliverance - deliverance, Definition(s): n.: The act of delivering or freeing from restraint captivity peril and the like; rescue; as the deliverance of a captive.; n.: Act of bringing forth children.; n.: Act of speaking; utterance.; n.: The state of being delivered or freed from restraint.; n.: Anything delivered or communicated; esp. an opinion or decision expressed publicly.; n.: Any fact or truth which is decisively attested or intuitively known as a psychological or philosophical datum; as the deliverance of consciousness.
Found on page(s): [73]

evidence - evidence, Definition(s): n.: That which makes evident or manifest; that which furnishes or tends to furnish proof; any mode of proof; the ground of belief or judgement; as the evidence of our senses; evidence of the truth or falsehood of a statement.; n.: One who bears witness.; n.: That which is legally submitted to competent tribunal as a means of ascertaining the truth of any alleged matter of fact under investigation before it; means of making proof; -- the latter strictly speaking not being synonymous with evidence but rather the effect of it.; v. t.: To render evident or clear; to prove; to evince; as to evidence a fact or the guilt of an offender.
Found on page(s): [78, 87]

republic - republic, Definition(s): a.: Common weal.; a.: A state in which the sovereign power resides in the whole body of the people and is exercised by representatives elected by them; a commonwealth. Cf. Democracy 2.
Found on page(s): [35, 38, 81]

DI - DI, Definition(s): : A prefix signifying twofold double twice.; : denoting two atoms radicals groups or equivalents as the case may be. See Bi- 2.; : A prefix denoting through; also between apart asunder across. Before a vowel dia-becomes di-; as diactinic; dielectric etc.
Found on page(s): [79]

religion," - religion,", Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [52]

vulgar, - vulgar,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the mass or multitude of people; common; general; ordinary; public; hence in general use; vernacular.; a.: Belonging or relating to the common people as distinguished from the cultivated or educated; pertaining to common life; plebeian; not select or distinguished; hence sometimes of little or no value.; a.: Hence lacking cultivation or refinement; rustic; boorish; also offensive to good taste or refined feelings; low; coarse; mean; base; as vulgar men minds language or manners.; n.: One of the common people; a vulgar person.; n.: The vernacular or common language.
Found on page(s): [53]

inwardly - inwardly, Definition(s): adv.: In the inner parts; internally.; adv.: Toward the center; inward; as to curve inwardly.; adv.: In the heart or mind; mentally; privately; secret/y; as he inwardly repines.; adv.: Intimately; thoroughly.
Found on page(s): [69]

suspense - suspense, Definition(s): a.: Held or lifted up; held or prevented from proceeding.; a.: Expressing or proceeding from suspense or doubt.; a.: The state of being suspended; specifically a state of uncertainty and expectation with anxiety or apprehension; indetermination; indecision; as the suspense of a person waiting for the verdict of a jury.; a.: Cessation for a time; stop; pause.; a.: A temporary cessation of one's right; suspension as when the rent or other profits of land cease by unity of possession of land and rent.
Found on page(s): [66]

supper, - supper,, Definition(s): n.: A meal taken at the close of the day; the evening meal.; v. i.: To take supper; to sup.; v. t.: To supply with supper.
Found on page(s): [91, 105]

spring - spring, Definition(s): v. i.: To leap; to bound; to jump.; v. i.: To issue with speed and violence; to move with activity; to dart; to shoot.; v. i.: To start or rise suddenly as from a covert.; v. i.: To fly back; as a bow when bent springs back by its elastic power.; v. i.: To bend from a straight direction or plane surface; to become warped; as a piece of timber or a plank sometimes springs in seasoning.; v. i.: To shoot up out or forth; to come to the light; to begin to appear; to emerge; as a plant from its seed as streams from their source and the like; -often followed by up forth or out.; v. i.: To issue or proceed as from a parent or ancestor; to result as from a cause motive reason or principle.; v. i.: To grow; to prosper.; v. t.: To cause to spring up; to start or rouse as game; to cause to rise from the earth or from a covert; as to spring a pheasant.; v. t.: To produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly.; v. t.: To cause to explode; as to spring a mine.; v. t.: To crack or split; to bend or strain so as to weaken; as to spring a mast or a yard.; v. t.: To cause to close suddenly as the parts of a trap operated by a spring; as to spring a trap.; v. t.: To bend by force as something stiff or strong; to force or put by bending as a beam into its sockets and allowing it to straighten when in place; -- often with in out etc.; as to spring in a slat or a bar.; v. t.: To pass over by leaping; as to spring a fence.; v. i.: A leap; a bound; a jump.; v. i.: A flying back; the resilience of a body recovering its former state by elasticity; as the spring of a bow.; v. i.: Elastic power or force.; v. i.: An elastic body of any kind as steel India rubber tough wood or compressed air used for various mechanical purposes as receiving and imparting power diminishing concussion regulating motion measuring weight or other force.; v. i.: Any source of supply; especially the source from which a stream proceeds; as issue of water from the earth; a natural fountain.; v. i.: Any active power; that by which action or motion is produced or propagated; cause; origin; motive.; v. i.: A race; lineage.; v. i.: A youth; a springal.; v. i.: A shoot; a plant; a young tree; also a grove of trees; woodland.; v. i.: That which causes one to spring; specifically a lively tune.; v. i.: The season of the year when plants begin to vegetate and grow; the vernal season usually comprehending the months of March April and May in the middle latitudes north of the equator.; v. i.: The time of growth and progress; early portion; first stage.; v. i.: A crack or fissure in a mast or yard running obliquely or transversely.; v. i.: A line led from a vessel's quarter to her cable so that by tightening or slacking it she can be made to lie in any desired position; a line led diagonally from the bow or stern of a vessel to some point upon the wharf to which she is moored.
Found on page(s): [5]

leave - leave, Definition(s): v. i.: To send out leaves; to leaf; -- often with out.; v. t.: To raise; to levy.; n.: Liberty granted by which restraint or illegality is removed; permission; allowance; license.; n.: The act of leaving or departing; a formal parting; a leaving; farewell; adieu; -- used chiefly in the phrase to take leave i. e. literally to take permission to go.; v.: To withdraw one's self from; to go away from; to depart from; as to leave the house.; v.: To let remain unremoved or undone; to let stay or continue in distinction from what is removed or changed.; v.: To cease from; to desist from; to abstain from.; v.: To desert; to abandon; to forsake; hence to give up; to relinquish.; v.: To let be or do without interference; as I left him to his reflections; I leave my hearers to judge.; v.: To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver; to commit; to submit -- with a sense of withdrawing one's self from; as leave your hat in the hall; we left our cards; to leave the matter to arbitrators.; v.: To have remaining at death; hence to bequeath; as he left a large estate; he left a good name; he left a legacy to his niece.; v. i.: To depart; to set out.; v. i.: To cease; to desist; to leave off.
Found on page(s): [3, 17, 20, 34, 35, 39, 40, 56, 64, 65, 70, 75, 83, 94, 95, 96, 99, 103]

discrimination - discrimination, Definition(s): n.: The act of discriminating distinguishing or noting and marking differences.; n.: The state of being discriminated distinguished or set apart.; n.: The arbitrary imposition of unequal tariffs for substantially the same service.; n.: The quality of being discriminating; faculty of nicely distinguishing; acute discernment; as to show great discrimination in the choice of means.; n.: That which discriminates; mark of distinction.
Found on page(s): [69]

surrender - surrender, Definition(s): v. t.: To yield to the power of another; to give or deliver up possession of (anything) upon compulsion or demand; as to surrender one's person to an enemy or to an officer; to surrender a fort or a ship.; v. t.: To give up possession of; to yield; to resign; as to surrender a right privilege or advantage.; v. t.: To yield to any influence emotion passion or power; -- used reflexively; as to surrender one's self to grief to despair to indolence or to sleep.; v. t.: To yield; to render or deliver up; to give up; as a principal surrendered by his bail a fugitive from justice by a foreign state or a particular estate by the tenant thereof to him in remainder or reversion.; v. i.: To give up one's self into the power of another; to yield; as the enemy seeing no way of escape surrendered at the first summons.; n.: The act of surrendering; the act of yielding or resigning one's person or the possession of something into the power of another; as the surrender of a castle to an enemy; the surrender of a right.; n.: The yielding of a particular estate to him who has an immediate estate in remainder or reversion.; n.: The giving up of a principal into lawful custody by his bail.; n.: The delivery up of fugitives from justice by one government to another as by a foreign state. See Extradition.
Found on page(s): [99]

minister - minister, Definition(s): n.: A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence an agent an instrument.; n.: An officer of justice.; n.: One to whom the sovereign or executive head of a government intrusts the management of affairs of state or some department of such affairs.; n.: A representative of a government sent to the court or seat of government of a foreign nation to transact diplomatic business.; n.: One who serves at the altar; one who performs sacerdotal duties; the pastor of a church duly authorized or licensed to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments.; n.: To furnish or apply; to afford; to supply; to administer.; v. i.: To act as a servant attendant or agent; to attend and serve; to perform service in any office sacred or secular.; v. i.: To supply or to things needful; esp. to supply consolation or remedies.
Found on page(s): [11]

Di - Di, Definition(s): : A prefix signifying twofold double twice.; : denoting two atoms radicals groups or equivalents as the case may be. See Bi- 2.; : A prefix denoting through; also between apart asunder across. Before a vowel dia-becomes di-; as diactinic; dielectric etc.
Found on page(s): [1]

cruel - cruel, Definition(s): n.: See Crewel.; a.: Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt torment or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless.; a.: Causing or fitted to cause pain grief or misery.; a.: Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
Found on page(s): [20, 58, 60]

wrote - wrote, Definition(s): v. i.: To root with the snout. See 1st Root.; : imp. & archaic p. p. of Write.
Found on page(s): [25, 59, 65]

shade - shade, Definition(s): n.: Comparative obscurity owing to interception or interruption of the rays of light; partial darkness caused by the intervention of something between the space contemplated and the source of light.; n.: Darkness; obscurity; -- often in the plural.; n.: An obscure place; a spot not exposed to light; hence a secluded retreat.; n.: That which intercepts or shelters from light or the direct rays of the sun; hence also that which protects from heat or currents of air; a screen; protection; shelter; cover; as a lamp shade.; n.: Shadow.; n.: The soul after its separation from the body; -- so called because the ancients it to be perceptible to the sight though not to the touch; a spirit; a ghost; as the shades of departed heroes.; n.: The darker portion of a picture; a less illuminated part. See Def. 1 above.; n.: Degree or variation of color as darker or lighter stronger or paler; as a delicate shade of pink.; n.: A minute difference or variation as of thought belief expression etc.; also the quality or degree of anything which is distinguished from others similar by slight differences; as the shades of meaning in synonyms.; v. t.: To shelter or screen by intercepting the rays of light; to keep off illumination from.; v. t.: To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen; to hide; as to shade one's eyes.; v. t.: To obscure; to dim the brightness of.; v. t.: To pain in obscure colors; to darken.; v. t.: To mark with gradations of light or color.; v. t.: To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent.
Found on page(s): [52]

cardinal - cardinal, Definition(s): a.: Of fundamental importance; preeminent; superior; chief; principal.; a.: One of the ecclesiastical princes who constitute the pope's council or the sacred college.; a.: A woman's short cloak with a hood.; a.: Mulled red wine.
Found on page(s): [10, 23, 77]

gather - gather, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring together; to collect as a number of separate things into one place or into one aggregate body; to assemble; to muster; to congregate.; v. t.: To pick out and bring together from among what is of less value; to collect as a harvest; to harvest; to cull; to pick off; to pluck.; v. t.: To accumulate by collecting and saving little by little; to amass; to gain; to heap up.; v. t.: To bring closely together the parts or particles of; to contract; to compress; to bring together in folds or plaits as a garment; also to draw together as a piece of cloth by a thread; to pucker; to plait; as to gather a ruffle.; v. t.: To derive or deduce as an inference; to collect as a conclusion from circumstances that suggest or arguments that prove; to infer; to conclude.; v. t.: To gain; to win.; v. t.: To bring together or nearer together in masonry as where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue or the like.; v. t.: To haul in; to take up; as to gather the slack of a rope.; v. i.: To come together; to collect; to unite; to become assembled; to congregate.; v. i.: To grow larger by accretion; to increase.; v. i.: To concentrate; to come to a head as a sore and generate pus; as a boil has gathered.; v. i.: To collect or bring things together.; n.: A plait or fold in cloth made by drawing a thread through it; a pucker.; n.: The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward.; n.: The soffit or under surface of the masonry required in gathering. See Gather v. t. 7.
Found on page(s): [86]

willingly, - willingly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a willing manner; with free will; without reluctance; cheerfully.
Found on page(s): [3, 66]

decrease. - decrease., Definition(s): n.: To grow less -- opposed to increase; to be diminished gradually in size degree number duration etc. or in strength quality or excellence; as they days decrease in length from June to December.; v. t.: To cause to grow less; to diminish gradually; as extravagance decreases one's means.; v.: A becoming less; gradual diminution; decay; as a decrease of revenue or of strength.; v.: The wane of the moon.
Found on page(s): [26]

risen - risen, Definition(s): : p. p. & a. from Rise.; p. p. & a.: Obs. imp. pl. of Rise.
Found on page(s): [15, 36, 39]

nefarious - nefarious, Definition(s): adv.: Wicked in the extreme; abominable; iniquitous; atrociously villainous; execrable; detestably vile.
Found on page(s): [23]

useful - useful, Definition(s): a.: Full of use advantage or profit; producing or having power to produce good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts.
Found on page(s): [39, 43, 44, 63, 64]

companion - companion, Definition(s): n.: One who accompanies or is in company with another for a longer or shorter period either from choice or casually; one who is much in the company of or is associated with another or others; an associate; a comrade; a consort; a partner.; n.: A knight of the lowest rank in certain orders; as a companion of the Bath.; n.: A fellow; -- in contempt.; n.: A skylight on an upper deck with frames and sashes of various shapes to admit light to a cabin or lower deck.; n.: A wooden hood or penthouse covering the companion way; a companion hatch.; v. t.: To be a companion to; to attend on; to accompany.; v. t.: To qualify as a companion; to make equal.
Found on page(s): [55]

upright, - upright,, Definition(s): a.: In an erect position or posture; perpendicular; vertical or nearly vertical; pointing upward; as an upright tree.; a.: Morally erect; having rectitude; honest; just; as a man upright in all his ways.; a.: Conformable to moral rectitude.; a.: Stretched out face upward; flat on the back.; n.: Something standing upright as a piece of timber in a building. See Illust. of Frame.
Found on page(s): [52, 53]

nephew, - nephew,, Definition(s): n.: A grandson or grandchild or remoter lineal descendant.; n.: A cousin.; n.: The son of a brother or a sister or of a brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
Found on page(s): [25, 91]

ride - ride, Definition(s): v. i.: To be carried on the back of an animal as a horse.; v. i.: To be borne in a carriage; as to ride in a coach in a car and the like. See Synonym below.; v. i.: To be borne or in a fluid; to float; to lie.; v. i.: To be supported in motion; to rest.; v. i.: To manage a horse as an equestrian.; v. i.: To support a rider as a horse; to move under the saddle; as a horse rides easy or hard slow or fast.; v. t.: To sit on so as to be carried; as to ride a horse; to ride a bicycle.; v. t.: To manage insolently at will; to domineer over.; v. t.: To convey as by riding; to make or do by riding.; v. t.: To overlap (each other); -- said of bones or fractured fragments.; n.: The act of riding; an excursion on horseback or in a vehicle.; n.: A saddle horse.; n.: A road or avenue cut in a wood or through grounds to be used as a place for riding; a riding.
Found on page(s): [87]

paucity - paucity, Definition(s): n.: Fewness; smallness of number; scarcity.; n.: Smallnes of quantity; exiguity; insufficiency; as paucity of blood.
Found on page(s): [99]

accomplish - accomplish, Definition(s): v. t.: To complete as time or distance.; v. t.: To bring to an issue of full success; to effect; to perform; to execute fully; to fulfill; as to accomplish a design an object a promise.; v. t.: To equip or furnish thoroughly; hence to complete in acquirements; to render accomplished; to polish.; v. t.: To gain; to obtain.
Found on page(s): [77]

Holy - Holy, Definition(s): superl.: Set apart to the service or worship of God; hallowed; sacred; reserved from profane or common use; holy vessels; a holy priesthood.; superl.: Spiritually whole or sound; of unimpaired innocence and virtue; free from sinful affections; pure in heart; godly; pious; irreproachable; guiltless; acceptable to God.
Found on page(s): [71]

responsible - responsible, Definition(s): a.: Liable to respond; likely to be called upon to answer; accountable; answerable; amenable; as a guardian is responsible to the court for his conduct in the office.; a.: Able to respond or answer for one's conduct and obligations; trustworthy financially or otherwise; as to have a responsible man for surety.; a.: Involving responsibility; involving a degree of accountability on the part of the person concerned; as a responsible office.
Found on page(s): [68]

linen - linen, Definition(s): n.: Made of linen; as linen cloth; a linen stocking.; n.: Resembling linen cloth; white; pale.; n.: Thread or cloth made of flax or (rarely) of hemp; -- used in a general sense to include cambric shirting sheeting towels tablecloths etc.; n.: Underclothing esp. the shirt as being in former times chiefly made of linen.
Found on page(s): [86]

dastardy - dastardy, Definition(s): n.: Base timidity; cowardliness.
Found on page(s): [40]

"Il - "Il, Definition(s): : A form of the prefix in- not and in- among. See In-.
Found on page(s): [50, 53]

rich - rich, Definition(s): superl.: Having an abundance of material possessions; possessed of a large amount of property; well supplied with land goods or money; wealthy; opulent; affluent; -- opposed to poor.; superl.: Hence in general well supplied; abounding; abundant; copious; bountiful; as a rich treasury; a rich entertainment; a rich crop.; superl.: Yielding large returns; productive or fertile; fruitful; as rich soil or land; a rich mine.; superl.: Composed of valuable or costly materials or ingredients; procured at great outlay; highly valued; precious; sumptuous; costly; as a rich dress; rich silk or fur; rich presents.; superl.: Abounding in agreeable or nutritive qualities; -- especially applied to articles of food or drink which are high-seasoned or abound in oleaginous ingredients or are sweet luscious and high-flavored; as a rich dish; rich cream or soup; rich pastry; rich wine or fruit.; superl.: Not faint or delicate; vivid; as a rich color.; superl.: Full of sweet and harmonius sounds; as a rich voice; rich music.; superl.: Abounding in beauty; gorgeous; as a rich landscape; rich scenery.; superl.: Abounding in humor; exciting amusement; entertaining; as the scene was a rich one; a rich incident or character.; v. t.: To enrich.
Found on page(s): [105, 106]

chiefly - chiefly, Definition(s): adv.: In the first place; principally; preeminently; above; especially.; adv.: For the most part; mostly.
Found on page(s): [3, 45, 96]

praise - praise, Definition(s): v.: To commend; to applaud; to express approbation of; to laud; -- applied to a person or his acts.; v.: To extol in words or song; to magnify; to glorify on account of perfections or excellent works; to do honor to; to display the excellence of; -- applied especially to the Divine Being.; v.: To value; to appraise.; v.: Commendation for worth; approval expressed; honor rendered because of excellence or worth; laudation; approbation.; v.: Especially the joyful tribute of gratitude or homage rendered to the Divine Being; the act of glorifying or extolling the Creator; worship particularly worship by song distinction from prayer and other acts of worship; as a service of praise.; v.: The object ground or reason of praise.
Found on page(s): [64, 65, 69]

grave, - grave,, Definition(s): v. t.: To clean as a vessel's bottom of barnacles grass etc. and pay it over with pitch; -- so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose.; superl.: Of great weight; heavy; ponderous.; superl.: Of importance; momentous; weighty; influential; sedate; serious; -- said of character relations etc.; as grave deportment character influence etc.; superl.: Not light or gay; solemn; sober; plain; as a grave color; a grave face.; superl.: Not acute or sharp; low; deep; -- said of sound; as a grave note or key.; superl.: Slow and solemn in movement.; n.: To dig. [Obs.] Chaucer.; n.: To carve or cut as letters or figures on some hard substance; to engrave.; n.: To carve out or give shape to by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture; as to grave an image.; n.: To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.; n.: To entomb; to bury.; v. i.: To write or delineate on hard substances by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.; n.: An excavation in the earth as a place of burial; also any place of interment; a tomb; a sepulcher. Hence: Death; destruction.
Found on page(s): [45]

clemency. - clemency., Definition(s): n.: Disposition to forgive and spare as offenders; mildness of temper; gentleness; tenderness; mercy.; n.: Mildness or softness of the elements; as the clemency of the season.
Found on page(s): [47]

noted - noted, Definition(s): a.: Well known by reputation or report; eminent; celebrated; as a noted author or traveler.
Found on page(s): [58, 59, 67]

contempt - contempt, Definition(s): n.: The act of contemning or despising; the feeling with which one regards that which is esteemed mean vile or worthless; disdain; scorn.; n.: The state of being despised; disgrace; shame.; n.: An act or expression denoting contempt.; n.: Disobedience of the rules orders or process of a court of justice or of rules or orders of a legislative body; disorderly contemptuous or insolent language or behavior in presence of a court tending to disturb its proceedings or impair the respect due to its authority.
Found on page(s): [58, 60, 61]

rise, - rise,, Definition(s): v.: To move from a lower position to a higher; to ascend; to mount up. Specifically: -- (a) To go upward by walking climbing flying or any other voluntary motion; as a bird rises in the air; a fish rises to the bait.; v.: To ascend or float in a fluid as gases or vapors in air cork in water and the like.; v.: To move upward under the influence of a projecting force; as a bullet rises in the air.; v.: To grow upward; to attain a certain height; as this elm rises to the height of seventy feet.; v.: To reach a higher level by increase of quantity or bulk; to swell; as a river rises in its bed; the mercury rises in the thermometer.; v.: To become erect; to assume an upright position; as to rise from a chair or from a fall.; v.: To leave one's bed; to arise; as to rise early.; v.: To tower up; to be heaved up; as the Alps rise far above the sea.; v.: To slope upward; as a path a line or surface rises in this direction.; v.: To retire; to give up a siege.; v.: To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light as dough and the like.; v.: To have the aspect or the effect of rising.; v.: To appear above the horizont as the sun moon stars and the like.; v.: To become apparent; to emerge into sight; to come forth; to appear; as an eruption rises on the skin; the land rises to view to one sailing toward the shore.; v.: To become perceptible to other senses than sight; as a noise rose on the air; odor rises from the flower.; v.: To have a beginning; to proceed; to originate; as rivers rise in lakes or springs.; v.: To increase in size force or value; to proceed toward a climax.; v.: To increase in power or fury; -- said of wind or a storm and hence of passion.; v.: To become of higher value; to increase in price.; v.: To become larger; to swell; -- said of a boil tumor and the like.; v.: To increase in intensity; -- said of heat.; v.: To become louder or higher in pitch as the voice.; v.: To increase in amount; to enlarge; as his expenses rose beyond his expectations.; v.: In various figurative senses.; v.: To become excited opposed or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.; v.: To attain to a better social position; to be promoted; to excel; to succeed.; v.: To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; -- said of style thought or discourse; as to rise in force of expression; to rise in eloquence; a story rises in interest.; v.: To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.; v.: To come; to offer itself.; v.: To ascend from the grave; to come to life.; v.: To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn; as the committee rose after agreeing to the report.; v.: To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pith; as to rise a tone or semitone.; v.: To be lifted or to admit of being lifted from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; -- said of a form.; n.: The act of rising or the state of being risen.; n.: The distance through which anything rises; as the rise of the thermometer was ten degrees; the rise of the river was six feet; the rise of an arch or of a step.; n.: Land which is somewhat higher than the rest; as the house stood on a rise of land.; n.: Spring; source; origin; as the rise of a stream.; n.: Appearance above the horizon; as the rise of the sun or of a planet.; n.: Increase; advance; augmentation as of price value rank property fame and the like.; n.: Increase of sound; a swelling of the voice.; n.: Elevation or ascent of the voice; upward change of key; as a rise of a tone or semitone.; n.: The spring of a fish to seize food (as a fly) near the surface of the water.
Found on page(s): [43]

undertaking - undertaking, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who undertakes or engages in any project or business.; n.: That which is undertaken; any business work or project which a person engages in or attempts to perform; an enterprise.; n.: Specifically the business of an undertaker or the management of funerals.; n.: A promise or pledge; a guarantee.
Found on page(s): [100]

Maximilian,(*) - Maximilian,(*), Definition(s): n.: A gold coin of Bavaria of the value of about 13s. 6d. sterling or about three dollars and a quarter.
Found on page(s): [70]

swear - swear, Definition(s): v. i.: To affirm or utter a solemn declaration with an appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed; to make a promise threat or resolve on oath; also to affirm solemnly by some sacred object or one regarded as sacred as the Bible the Koran etc.; v. i.: To give evidence on oath; as to swear to the truth of a statement; he swore against the prisoner.; v. i.: To make an appeal to God in an irreverant manner; to use the name of God or sacred things profanely; to call upon God in imprecation; to curse.; v. t.: To utter or affirm with a solemn appeal to God for the truth of the declaration; to make (a promise threat or resolve) under oath.; v. t.: To put to an oath; to cause to take an oath; to administer an oath to; -- ofetn followed by in or into; as to swear witnesses; to swear a jury; to swear in an officer; he was sworn into office.; v. t.: To declare or charge upon oath; as he swore treason against his friend.; v. t.: To appeal to by an oath.
Found on page(s): [104]

Syracuse. - Syracuse., Definition(s): n.: A red wine of Italy.
Found on page(s): [24]

wanting - wanting, Definition(s): a.: Absent; lacking; missing; also deficient; destitute; needy; as one of the twelve is wanting; I shall not be wanting in exertion.
Found on page(s): [51, 64, 77]

career - career, Definition(s): n.: A race course: the ground run over.; n.: A running; full speed; a rapid course.; n.: General course of action or conduct in life or in a particular part or calling in life or in some special undertaking; usually applied to course or conduct which is of a public character; as Washington's career as a soldier.; n.: The flight of a hawk.; v. i.: To move or run rapidly.
Found on page(s): [102]

kept. - kept., Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Keep.
Found on page(s): [10]

told - told, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Tell.
Found on page(s): [22, 34, 71, 87, 102, 103, 105, 106, 107]

fail, - fail,, Definition(s): v. i.: To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as streams fail; crops fail.; v. i.: To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of.; v. i.: To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.; v. i.: To deteriorate in respect to vigor activity resources etc.; to become weaker; as a sick man fails.; v. i.: To perish; to die; -- used of a person.; v. i.: To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed a result to be secured etc.; to miss; not to fulfill expectation.; v. i.: To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated.; v. i.: To err in judgment; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.; v. t.: To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert.; v. t.: To miss of attaining; to lose.; v. i.: Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing except in the phrase without fail.; v. i.: Death; decease.
Found on page(s): [73]

Caesar - Caesar, Definition(s): n.: A Roman emperor as being the successor of Augustus Caesar. Hence a kaiser or emperor of Germany or any emperor or powerful ruler. See Kaiser Kesar.
Found on page(s): [44, 46, 105]

Syracuse, - Syracuse,, Definition(s): n.: A red wine of Italy.
Found on page(s): [16, 24]

HIMSELF - HIMSELF, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is himself who saved himself.; pron.: One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness passion delirium or abasement); as the man has come to himself.; pron. pl.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [65]

newly - newly, Definition(s): adv.: Lately; recently.; adv.: Anew; afresh; freshly.
Found on page(s): [10, 61, 77]

fort, - fort,, Definition(s): n.: A strong or fortified place; usually a small fortified place occupied only by troops surrounded with a ditch rampart and parapet or with palisades stockades or other means of defense; a fortification.
Found on page(s): [80]

aspire - aspire, Definition(s): v. t.: To desire with eagerness; to seek to attain something high or great; to pant; to long; -- followed by to or after and rarely by at; as to aspire to a crown; to aspire after immorality.; v. t.: To rise; to ascend; to tower; to soar.; v. t.: To aspire to; to long for; to try to reach; to mount to.; n.: Aspiration.
Found on page(s): [35, 58, 94]

tried - tried, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Try.; adj.: Proved; tested; faithful; trustworthy; as a tried friend.
Found on page(s): [29]

fail; - fail;, Definition(s): v. i.: To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as streams fail; crops fail.; v. i.: To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of.; v. i.: To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.; v. i.: To deteriorate in respect to vigor activity resources etc.; to become weaker; as a sick man fails.; v. i.: To perish; to die; -- used of a person.; v. i.: To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed a result to be secured etc.; to miss; not to fulfill expectation.; v. i.: To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated.; v. i.: To err in judgment; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.; v. t.: To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert.; v. t.: To miss of attaining; to lose.; v. i.: Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing except in the phrase without fail.; v. i.: Death; decease.
Found on page(s): [74]

republic, - republic,, Definition(s): a.: Common weal.; a.: A state in which the sovereign power resides in the whole body of the people and is exercised by representatives elected by them; a commonwealth. Cf. Democracy 2.
Found on page(s): [35]

gate, - gate,, Definition(s): n.: A large door or passageway in the wall of a city of an inclosed field or place or of a grand edifice etc.; also the movable structure of timber metal etc. by which the passage can be closed.; n.: An opening for passage in any inclosing wall fence or barrier; or the suspended framework which closes or opens a passage. Also figuratively a means or way of entrance or of exit.; n.: A door valve or other device for stopping the passage of water through a dam lock pipe etc.; n.: The places which command the entrances or access; hence place of vantage; power; might.; n.: In a lock tumbler the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into.; n.: The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mold; the ingate.; n.: The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece.; v. t.: To supply with a gate.; v. t.: To punish by requiring to be within the gates at an earlier hour than usual.; n.: A way; a path; a road; a street (as in Highgate).; n.: Manner; gait.
Found on page(s): [95]

narrow - narrow, Definition(s): superl.: Of little breadth; not wide or broad; having little distance from side to side; as a narrow board; a narrow street; a narrow hem.; superl.: Of little extent; very limited; circumscribed.; superl.: Having but a little margin; having barely sufficient space time or number etc.; close; near; -- with special reference to some peril or misfortune; as a narrow shot; a narrow escape; a narrow majority.; superl.: Limited as to means; straitened; pinching; as narrow circumstances.; superl.: Contracted; of limited scope; illiberal; bigoted; as a narrow mind; narrow views.; superl.: Parsimonious; niggardly; covetous; selfish.; superl.: Scrutinizing in detail; close; accurate; exact.; superl.: Formed (as a vowel) by a close position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate; or (according to Bell) by a tense condition of the pharynx; -- distinguished from wide; as e (eve) and / (f/d) etc. from i (ill) and / (f/t) etc. See Guide to Pronunciation / 13.; n.: A narrow passage; esp. a contracted part of a stream lake or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water; -- usually in the plural; as The Narrows of New York harbor.; v. t.: To lessen the breadth of; to contract; to draw into a smaller compass; to reduce the width or extent of.; v. t.: To contract the reach or sphere of; to make less liberal or more selfish; to limit; to confine; to restrict; as to narrow one's views or knowledge; to narrow a question in discussion.; v. t.: To contract the size of as a stocking by taking two stitches into one.; v. i.: To become less broad; to contract; to become narrower; as the sea narrows into a strait.; v. i.: Not to step out enough to the one hand or the other; as a horse narrows.; v. i.: To contract the size of a stocking or other knit article by taking two stitches into one.
Found on page(s): [96]

judge - judge, Definition(s): v. i.: A public officer who is invested with authority to hear and determine litigated causes and to administer justice between parties in courts held for that purpose.; v. i.: One who has skill knowledge or experience sufficient to decide on the merits of a question or on the quality or value of anything; one who discerns properties or relations with skill and readiness; a connoisseur; an expert; a critic.; v. i.: A person appointed to decide in a/trial of skill speed etc. between two or more parties; an umpire; as a judge in a horse race.; v. i.: One of supreme magistrates with both civil and military powers who governed Israel for more than four hundred years.; v. i.: The title of the seventh book of the Old Testament; the Book of Judges.; a.: To hear and determine as in causes on trial; to decide as a judge; to give judgment; to pass sentence.; a.: To assume the right to pass judgment on another; to sit in judgment or commendation; to criticise or pass adverse judgment upon others. See Judge v. t. 3.; v. t.: To compare facts or ideas and perceive their relations and attributes and thus distinguish truth from falsehood; to determine; to discern; to distinguish; to form an opinion about.; v. t.: To hear and determine by authority as a case before a court or a controversy between two parties.; v. t.: To examine and pass sentence on; to try; to doom.; v. t.: To arrogate judicial authority over; to sit in judgment upon; to be censorious toward.; v. t.: To determine upon or deliberation; to esteem; to think; to reckon.; v. t.: To exercise the functions of a magistrate over; to govern.
Found on page(s): [53]

above-named - above-named, Definition(s): a.: Mentioned or named before; aforesaid.
Found on page(s): [45, 52, 61, 77]

shape - shape, Definition(s): n.: To form or create; especially to mold or make into a particular form; to give proper form or figure to.; n.: To adapt to a purpose; to regulate; to adjust; to direct; as to shape the course of a vessel.; n.: To image; to conceive; to body forth.; n.: To design; to prepare; to plan; to arrange.; v. i.: To suit; to be adjusted or conformable.; n.: Character or construction of a thing as determining its external appearance; outward aspect; make; figure; form; guise; as the shape of a tree; the shape of the head; an elegant shape.; n.: That which has form or figure; a figure; an appearance; a being.; n.: A model; a pattern; a mold.; n.: Form of embodiment as in words; form as of thought or conception; concrete embodiment or example as of some quality.; n.: Dress for disguise; guise.; n.: A rolled or hammered piece as a bar beam angle iron etc. having a cross section different from merchant bar.; n.: A piece which has been roughly forged nearly to the form it will receive when completely forged or fitted.
Found on page(s): [28]

seventy - seventy, Definition(s): a.: Seven times ten; one more than sixty-nine.; n.: The sum of seven times ten; seventy units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing seventy units as 70 or lxx.
Found on page(s): [102]

tumult, - tumult,, Definition(s): n.: The commotion or agitation of a multitude usually accompanied with great noise uproar and confusion of voices; hurly-burly; noisy confusion.; n.: Violent commotion or agitation with confusion of sounds; as the tumult of the elements.; n.: Irregular or confused motion; agitation; high excitement; as the tumult of the spirits or passions.; v. i.: To make a tumult; to be in great commotion.
Found on page(s): [92]

forth - forth, Definition(s): adv.: Forward; onward in time place or order; in advance from a given point; on to end; as from that day forth; one two three and so forth.; adv.: Out as from a state of concealment retirement confinement nondevelopment or the like; out into notice or view; as the plants in spring put forth leaves.; adv.: Beyond a (certain) boundary; away; abroad; out.; adv.: Throughly; from beginning to end.; prep.: Forth from; out of.; n.: A way; a passage or ford.
Found on page(s): [43, 47, 77]

wives - wives, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Wife.
Found on page(s): [106]

crossing - crossing, Definition(s): v. t.: The act by which anything is crossed; as the crossing of the ocean.; v. t.: The act of making the sign of the cross.; v. t.: The act of interbreeding; a mixing of breeds.; v. t.: Intersection as of two paths or roads.; v. t.: A place where anything (as a stream) is crossed; a paved walk across a street.; v. t.: Contradiction; thwarting; obstruction.
Found on page(s): [101]

Afterwards - Afterwards, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [20, 41, 59]

converge - converge, Definition(s): v. i.: To tend to one point; to incline and approach nearer together; as lines converge.; v. t.: To cause to tend to one point; to cause to incline and approach nearer together.
Found on page(s): [74]

plot, - plot,, Definition(s): n.: A small extent of ground; a plat; as a garden plot.; n.: A plantation laid out.; n.: A plan or draught of a field farm estate etc. drawn to a scale.; v. t.: To make a plot map pr plan of; to mark the position of on a plan; to delineate.; n.: Any scheme stratagem secret design or plan of a complicated nature adapted to the accomplishment of some purpose usually a treacherous and mischievous one; a conspiracy; an intrigue; as the Rye-house Plot.; n.: A share in such a plot or scheme; a participation in any stratagem or conspiracy.; n.: Contrivance; deep reach of thought; ability to plot or intrigue.; n.: A plan; a purpose.; n.: In fiction the story of a play novel romance or poem comprising a complication of incidents which are gradually unfolded sometimes by unexpected means.; v. i.: To form a scheme of mischief against another especially against a government or those who administer it; to conspire.; v. i.: To contrive a plan or stratagem; to scheme.; v. t.: To plan; to scheme; to devise; to contrive secretly.
Found on page(s): [55]

driven - driven, Definition(s): p. p.: of Drive. Also adj.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 21, 31, 39, 64, 88, 89, 91, 92, 93, 101]

arise, - arise,, Definition(s): v. i.: To come up from a lower to a higher position; to come above the horizon; to come up from one's bed or place of repose; to mount; to ascend; to rise; as to arise from a kneeling posture; a cloud arose; the sun ariseth; he arose early in the morning.; v. i.: To spring up; to come into action being or notice; to become operative sensible or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself; as the waves of the sea arose; a persecution arose; the wrath of the king shall arise.; v. i.: To proceed; to issue; to spring.; n.: Rising.
Found on page(s): [3, 43, 47]

yours, - yours,, Definition(s): pron.: See the Note under Your.
Found on page(s): [62, 69]

yours. - yours., Definition(s): pron.: See the Note under Your.
Found on page(s): [77]

Il - Il, Definition(s): : A form of the prefix in- not and in- among. See In-.
Found on page(s): [78]

indicated - indicated, Definition(s): a.: Shown; denoted; registered; measured.
Found on page(s): [3]

withstand - withstand, Definition(s): prep.: To stand against; to oppose; to resist either with physical or moral force; as to withstand an attack of troops; to withstand eloquence or arguments.
Found on page(s): [27, 65, 73]

unfortunate?" - unfortunate?", Definition(s): a.: Not fortunate; unsuccessful; not prosperous; unlucky; attended with misfortune; unhappy; as an unfortunate adventure; an unfortunate man; an unfortunate commander; unfortunate business.; n.: An unfortunate person.
Found on page(s): [106]

encourage - encourage, Definition(s): v. t.: To give courage to; to inspire with courage spirit or hope; to raise or to increase the confidence of; to animate; enhearten; to incite; to help forward; -- the opposite of discourage.
Found on page(s): [30, 68, 90, 97]

obstinate - obstinate, Definition(s): a.: Pertinaciously adhering to an opinion purpose or course; persistent; not yielding to reason arguments or other means; stubborn; pertinacious; -- usually implying unreasonableness.; a.: Not yielding; not easily subdued or removed; as obstinate fever; obstinate obstructions.
Found on page(s): [55, 101]

liberator - liberator, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which liberates; a deliverer.
Found on page(s): [79]

thoroughly - thoroughly, Definition(s): adv.: In a thorough manner; fully; entirely; completely.
Found on page(s): [55, 60, 99]

err - err, Definition(s): v. i.: To wander; to roam; to stray.; v. i.: To deviate from the true course; to miss the thing aimed at.; v. i.: To miss intellectual truth; to fall into error; to mistake in judgment or opinion; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To deviate morally from the right way; to go astray in a figurative sense; to do wrong; to sin.; v. i.: To offend as by erring.
Found on page(s): [6, 50]

honestly - honestly, Definition(s): adv.: Honorably; becomingly; decently.; adv.: In an honest manner; as a contract honestly made; to live honestly; to speak honestly.
Found on page(s): [45]

thousand. - thousand., Definition(s): n.: The number of ten hundred; a collection or sum consisting of ten times one hundred units or objects.; n.: Hence indefinitely a great number.; n.: A symbol representing one thousand units; as 1000 M or CI/.; a.: Consisting of ten hundred; being ten times one hundred.; a.: Hence consisting of a great number indefinitely.
Found on page(s): [96]

career, - career,, Definition(s): n.: A race course: the ground run over.; n.: A running; full speed; a rapid course.; n.: General course of action or conduct in life or in a particular part or calling in life or in some special undertaking; usually applied to course or conduct which is of a public character; as Washington's career as a soldier.; n.: The flight of a hawk.; v. i.: To move or run rapidly.
Found on page(s): [76]

weighing - weighing, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Weigh v.
Found on page(s): [64]

sharp - sharp, Definition(s): superl.: Having a very thin edge or fine point; of a nature to cut or pierce easily; not blunt or dull; keen.; superl.: Terminating in a point or edge; not obtuse or rounded; somewhat pointed or edged; peaked or ridged; as a sharp hill; sharp features.; superl.: Affecting the sense as if pointed or cutting keen penetrating acute: to the taste or smell pungent acid sour as ammonia has a sharp taste and odor; to the hearing piercing shrill as a sharp sound or voice; to the eye instantaneously brilliant dazzling as a sharp flash.; superl.: High in pitch; acute; as a sharp note or tone.; superl.: Raised a semitone in pitch; as C sharp (C/) which is a half step or semitone higher than C.; superl.: So high as to be out of tune or above true pitch; as the tone is sharp; that instrument is sharp. Opposed in all these senses to flat.; superl.: Very trying to the feelings; piercing; keen; severe; painful; distressing; as sharp pain weather; a sharp and frosty air.; superl.: Cutting in language or import; biting; sarcastic; cruel; harsh; rigorous; severe; as a sharp rebuke.; superl.: Of keen perception; quick to discern or distinguish; having nice discrimination; acute; penetrating; sagacious; clever; as a sharp eye; sharp sight hearing or judgment.; superl.: Eager in pursuit; keen in quest; impatient for gratification; keen; as a sharp appetite.; superl.: Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous.; superl.: Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interest; close and exact in dealing; shrewd; as a sharp dealer; a sharp customer.; superl.: Composed of hard angular grains; gritty; as sharp sand.; superl.: Steep; precipitous; abrupt; as a sharp ascent or descent; a sharp turn or curve.; superl.: Uttered in a whisper or with the breath alone without voice as certain consonants such as p k t f; surd; nonvocal; aspirated.; adv.: To a point or edge; piercingly; eagerly; sharply.; adv.: Precisely; exactly; as we shall start at ten o'clock sharp.; n.: A sharp tool or weapon.; n.: The character [/] used to indicate that the note before which it is placed is to be raised a half step or semitone in pitch.; n.: A sharp tone or note.; n.: A portion of a stream where the water runs very rapidly.; n.: A sewing needle having a very slender point; a needle of the most pointed of the three grades blunts betweens and sharps.; n.: Same as Middlings 1.; n.: An expert.; v. t.: To sharpen.; v. t.: To raise above the proper pitch; to elevate the tone of; especially to raise a half step or semitone above the natural tone.; v. i.: To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper.; v. i.: To sing above the proper pitch.
Found on page(s): [101, 104]

slip - slip, Definition(s): n.: To move along the surface of a thing without bounding rolling or stepping; to slide; to glide.; n.: To slide; to lose one's footing or one's hold; not to tread firmly; as it is necessary to walk carefully lest the foot should slip.; n.: To move or fly (out of place); to shoot; -- often with out off etc.; as a bone may slip out of its place.; n.: To depart withdraw enter appear intrude or escape as if by sliding; to go or come in a quiet furtive manner; as some errors slipped into the work.; n.: To err; to fall into error or fault.; v. t.: To cause to move smoothly and quickly; to slide; to convey gently or secretly.; v. t.: To omit; to loose by negligence.; v. t.: To cut slips from; to cut; to take off; to make a slip or slips of; as to slip a piece of cloth or paper.; v. t.: To let loose in pursuit of game as a greyhound.; v. t.: To cause to slip or slide off or out of place; as a horse slips his bridle; a dog slips his collar.; v. t.: To bring forth (young) prematurely; to slink.; n.: The act of slipping; as a slip on the ice.; n.: An unintentional error or fault; a false step.; n.: A twig separated from the main stock; a cutting; a scion; hence a descendant; as a slip from a vine.; n.: A slender piece; a strip; as a slip of paper.; n.: A leash or string by which a dog is held; -- so called from its being made in such a manner as to slip or become loose by relaxation of the hand.; n.: An escape; a secret or unexpected desertion; as to give one the slip.; n.: A portion of the columns of a newspaper or other work struck off by itself; a proof from a column of type when set up and in the galley.; n.: Any covering easily slipped on.; n.: A loose garment worn by a woman.; n.: A child's pinafore.; n.: An outside covering or case; as a pillow slip.; n.: The slip or sheath of a sword and the like.; n.: A counterfeit piece of money being brass covered with silver.; n.: Matter found in troughs of grindstones after the grinding of edge tools.; n.: Potter's clay in a very liquid state used for the decoration of ceramic ware and also as a cement for handles and other applied parts.; n.: A particular quantity of yarn.; n.: An inclined plane on which a vessel is built or upon which it is hauled for repair.; n.: An opening or space for vessels to lie in between wharves or in a dock; as Peck slip.; n.: A narrow passage between buildings.; n.: A long seat or narrow pew in churches often without a door.; n.: A dislocation of a lead destroying continuity.; n.: The motion of the center of resistance of the float of a paddle wheel or the blade of an oar through the water horozontally or the difference between a vessel's actual speed and the speed which she would have if the propelling instrument acted upon a solid; also the velocity relatively to still water of the backward current of water produced by the propeller.; n.: A fish the sole.; n.: A fielder stationed on the off side and to the rear of the batsman. There are usually two of them called respectively short slip and long slip.
Found on page(s): [52]

career: - career:, Definition(s): n.: A race course: the ground run over.; n.: A running; full speed; a rapid course.; n.: General course of action or conduct in life or in a particular part or calling in life or in some special undertaking; usually applied to course or conduct which is of a public character; as Washington's career as a soldier.; n.: The flight of a hawk.; v. i.: To move or run rapidly.
Found on page(s): [86]

homage? - homage?, Definition(s): n.: A symbolical acknowledgment made by a feudal tenant to and in the presence of his lord on receiving investiture of fee or coming to it by succession that he was his man or vassal; profession of fealty to a sovereign.; n.: Respect or reverential regard; deference; especially respect paid by external action; obeisance.; n.: Reverence directed to the Supreme Being; reverential worship; devout affection.; v. t.: To pay reverence to by external action.; v. t.: To cause to pay homage.
Found on page(s): [79]

est - est, Definition(s): n. & adv.: East.
Found on page(s): [51]

honor - honor, Definition(s): n.: Esteem due or paid to worth; high estimation; respect; consideration; reverence; veneration; manifestation of respect or reverence.; n.: That which rightfully attracts esteem respect or consideration; self-respect; dignity; courage; fidelity; especially excellence of character; high moral worth; virtue; nobleness; specif. in men integrity; uprightness; trustworthness; in women purity; chastity.; n.: A nice sense of what is right just and true with course of life correspondent thereto; strict conformity to the duty imposed by conscience position or privilege.; n.: That to which esteem or consideration is paid; distinguished position; high rank.; n.: Fame; reputation; credit.; n.: A token of esteem paid to worth; a mark of respect; a ceremonial sign of consideration; as he wore an honor on his breast; military honors; civil honors.; n.: A cause of respect and fame; a glory; an excellency; an ornament; as he is an honor to his nation.; n.: A title applied to the holders of certain honorable civil offices or to persons of rank; as His Honor the Mayor. See Note under Honorable.; n.: A seigniory or lordship held of the king on which other lordships and manors depended.; n.: Academic or university prizes or distinctions; as honors in classics.; n.: The ace king queen and jack of trumps. The ten and nine are sometimes called Dutch honors.; n.: To regard or treat with honor esteem or respect; to revere; to treat with deference and submission; when used of the Supreme Being to reverence; to adore; to worship.; n.: To dignify; to raise to distinction or notice; to bestow honor upon; to elevate in rank or station; to ennoble; to exalt; to glorify; hence to do something to honor; to treat in a complimentary manner or with civility.; n.: To accept and pay when due; as to honora bill of exchange.
Found on page(s): [54]

ARMS - ARMS, Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [14, 17]

oligarchy, - oligarchy,, Definition(s): n.: A form of government in which the supreme power is placed in the hands of a few persons; also those who form the ruling few.
Found on page(s): [13]

pest, - pest,, Definition(s): n.: A fatal epidemic disease; a pestilence; specif. the plague.; n.: Anything which resembles a pest; one who or that which is troublesome noxious mischievous or destructive; a nuisance.
Found on page(s): [70]

dream. - dream., Definition(s): n.: The thoughts or series of thoughts or imaginary transactions which occupy the mind during sleep; a sleeping vision.; n.: A visionary scheme; a wild conceit; an idle fancy; a vagary; a revery; -- in this sense applied to an imaginary or anticipated state of happiness; as a dream of bliss; the dream of his youth.; n.: To have ideas or images in the mind while in the state of sleep; to experience sleeping visions; -- often with of; as to dream of a battle or of an absent friend.; n.: To let the mind run on in idle revery or vagary; to anticipate vaguely as a coming and happy reality; to have a visionary notion or idea; to imagine.; v. t.: To have a dream of; to see or have a vision of in sleep or in idle fancy; -- often followed by an objective clause.
Found on page(s): [35]

undertake - undertake, Definition(s): v. t.: To take upon one's self; to engage in; to enter upon; to take in hand; to begin to perform; to set about; to attempt.; v. t.: Specifically to take upon one's self solemnly or expressly; to lay one's self under obligation or to enter into stipulations to perform or to execute; to covenant; to contract.; v. t.: Hence to guarantee; to promise; to affirm.; v. t.: To assume as a character.; v. t.: To engage with; to attack.; v. t.: To have knowledge of; to hear.; v. t.: To take or have the charge of.; v. i.: To take upon one's self or assume any business duty or province.; v. i.: To venture; to hazard.; v. i.: To give a promise or guarantee; to be surety.
Found on page(s): [43, 66, 82]

bridle - bridle, Definition(s): n.: The head gear with which a horse is governed and restrained consisting of a headstall a bit and reins with other appendages.; n.: A restraint; a curb; a check.; n.: The piece in the interior of a gun lock which holds in place the tumbler sear etc.; n.: A span of rope line or chain made fast as both ends so that another rope line or chain may be attached to its middle.; n.: A mooring hawser.; v. t.: To put a bridle upon; to equip with a bridle; as to bridle a horse.; v. t.: To restrain guide or govern with or as with a bridle; to check curb or control; as to bridle the passions; to bridle a muse.; v. i.: To hold up the head and draw in the chin as an expression of pride scorn or resentment; to assume a lofty manner; -- usually with up.
Found on page(s): [64]

mercy, - mercy,, Definition(s): n.: Forbearance to inflict harm under circumstances of provocation when one has the power to inflict it; compassionate treatment of an offender or adversary; clemency.; n.: Compassionate treatment of the unfortunate and helpless; sometimes favor beneficence.; n.: Disposition to exercise compassion or favor; pity; compassion; willingness to spare or to help.; n.: A blessing regarded as a manifestation of compassion or favor.
Found on page(s): [24, 47, 67]

ESPECIALLY - ESPECIALLY, Definition(s): adv.: In an especial manner; chiefly; particularly; peculiarly; in an uncommon degree.
Found on page(s): [44]

took - took, Definition(s): : imp. of Take.
Found on page(s): [20, 25, 35, 37, 44, 59, 63, 77, 80, 81, 90, 91, 95, 101, 102, 106]

Sermon - Sermon, Definition(s): n.: A discourse or address; a talk; a writing; as the sermons of Chaucer.; n.: Specifically a discourse delivered in public usually by a clergyman for the purpose of religious instruction and grounded on some text or passage of Scripture.; n.: Hence a serious address; a lecture on one's conduct or duty; an exhortation or reproof; a homily; -- often in a depreciatory sense.; v. i.: To speak; to discourse; to compose or deliver a sermon.; v. t.: To discourse to or of as in a sermon.; v. t.: To tutor; to lecture.
Found on page(s): [52]

driving - driving, Definition(s): a.: Having great force of impulse; as a driving wind or storm.; a.: Communicating force; impelling; as a driving shaft.; n.: The act of forcing or urging something along; the act of pressing or moving on furiously.; n.: Tendency; drift.
Found on page(s): [66, 96]

continuance - continuance, Definition(s): n.: A holding on or remaining in a particular state; permanence as of condition habits abode etc.; perseverance; constancy; duration; stay.; n.: Uninterrupted succession; continuation; constant renewal; perpetuation; propagation.; n.: A holding together; continuity.; n.: The adjournment of the proceedings in a cause from one day or from one stated term of a court to another.; n.: The entry of such adjournment and the grounds thereof on the record.
Found on page(s): [12]

graciously - graciously, Definition(s): adv.: In a gracious manner; courteously; benignantly.; adv.: Fortunately; luckily.
Found on page(s): [94]

shame - shame, Definition(s): n.: A painful sensation excited by a consciousness of guilt or impropriety or of having done something which injures reputation or of the exposure of that which nature or modesty prompts us to conceal.; n.: Reproach incurred or suffered; dishonor; ignominy; derision; contempt.; n.: The cause or reason of shame; that which brings reproach and degrades a person in the estimation of others; disgrace.; n.: The parts which modesty requires to be covered; the private parts.; v. t.: To make ashamed; to excite in (a person) a comsciousness of guilt or impropriety or of conduct derogatory to reputation; to put to shame.; v. t.: To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace.; v. t.: To mock at; to deride.; n.: To be ashamed; to feel shame.
Found on page(s): [86]

endow - endow, Definition(s): v. t.: To furnish with money or its equivalent as a permanent fund for support; to make pecuniary provision for; to settle an income upon; especially to furnish with dower; as to endow a wife; to endow a public institution.; v. t.: To enrich or furnish with anything of the nature of a gift (as a quality or faculty); -- followed by with rarely by of; as man is endowed by his Maker with reason; to endow with privileges or benefits.
Found on page(s): [102]

Mr - Mr, Definition(s): : The customary abbreviation of Mister in writing and printing. See Master 4.
Found on page(s): [26, 41, 51, 68]

ferocity - ferocity, Definition(s): n.: Savage wildness or fierceness; fury; cruelty; as ferocity of countenance.
Found on page(s): [59, 60]

turn. - turn., Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to move upon a center or as if upon a center; to give circular motion to; to cause to revolve; to cause to move round either partially wholly or repeatedly; to make to change position so as to present other sides in given directions; to make to face otherwise; as to turn a wheel or a spindle; to turn the body or the head.; v. t.: To cause to present a different side uppermost or outmost; to make the upper side the lower or the inside to be the outside of; to reverse the position of; as to turn a box or a board; to turn a coat.; v. t.: To give another direction tendency or inclination to; to direct otherwise; to deflect; to incline differently; -- used both literally and figuratively; as to turn the eyes to the heavens; to turn a horse from the road or a ship from her course; to turn the attention to or from something.; v. t.: To change from a given use or office; to divert as to another purpose or end; to transfer; to use or employ; to apply; to devote.; v. t.: To change the form quality aspect or effect of; to alter; to metamorphose; to convert; to transform; -- often with to or into before the word denoting the effect or product of the change; as to turn a worm into a winged insect; to turn green to blue; to turn prose into verse; to turn a Whig to a Tory or a Hindu to a Christian; to turn good to evil and the like.; v. t.: To form in a lathe; to shape or fashion (anything) by applying a cutting tool to it while revolving; as to turn the legs of stools or tables; to turn ivory or metal.; v. t.: Hence to give form to; to shape; to mold; to put in proper condition; to adapt.; v. t.: To translate; to construe; as to turn the Iliad.; v. t.: To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle etc.: as to turn cider or wine; electricity turns milk quickly.; v. t.: To sicken; to nauseate; as an emetic turns one's stomach.; v. i.: To move round; to have a circular motion; to revolve entirely repeatedly or partially; to change position so as to face differently; to whirl or wheel round; as a wheel turns on its axis; a spindle turns on a pivot; a man turns on his heel.; v. i.: Hence to revolve as if upon a point of support; to hinge; to depend; as the decision turns on a single fact.; v. i.: To result or terminate; to come about; to eventuate; to issue.; v. i.: To be deflected; to take a different direction or tendency; to be directed otherwise; to be differently applied; to be transferred; as to turn from the road.; v. i.: To be changed altered or transformed; to become transmuted; also to become by a change or changes; to grow; as wood turns to stone; water turns to ice; one color turns to another; to turn Mohammedan.; v. i.: To undergo the process of turning on a lathe; as ivory turns well.; v. i.: To become acid; to sour; -- said of milk ale etc.; v. i.: To become giddy; -- said of the head or brain.; v. i.: To be nauseated; -- said of the stomach.; v. i.: To become inclined in the other direction; -- said of scales.; v. i.: To change from ebb to flow or from flow to ebb; -- said of the tide.; v. i.: To bring down the feet of a child in the womb in order to facilitate delivery.; v. i.: To invert a type of the same thickness as temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.; n.: The act of turning; movement or motion about or as if about a center or axis; revolution; as the turn of a wheel.; n.: Change of direction course or tendency; different order position or aspect of affairs; alteration; vicissitude; as the turn of the tide.; n.: One of the successive portions of a course or of a series of occurrences reckoning from change to change; hence a winding; a bend; a meander.; n.: A circuitous walk or a walk to and fro ending where it began; a short walk; a stroll.; n.: Successive course; opportunity enjoyed by alternation with another or with others or in due order; due chance; alternate or incidental occasion; appropriate time.; n.: Incidental or opportune deed or office; occasional act of kindness or malice; as to do one an ill turn.; n.: Convenience; occasion; purpose; exigence; as this will not serve his turn.; n.: Form; cast; shape; manner; fashion; -- used in a literal or figurative sense; hence form of expression; mode of signifying; as the turn of thought; a man of a sprightly turn in conversation.; n.: A change of condition; especially a sudden or recurring symptom of illness as a nervous shock or fainting spell; as a bad turn.; n.: A fall off the ladder at the gallows; a hanging; -- so called from the practice of causing the criminal to stand on a ladder which was turned over so throwing him off when the signal was given.; n.: A round of a rope or cord in order to secure it as about a pin or a cleat.; n.: A pit sunk in some part of a drift.; n.: A court of record held by the sheriff twice a year in every hundred within his county.; n.: Monthly courses; menses.; n.: An embellishment or grace (marked thus /) commonly consisting of the principal note or that on which the turn is made with the note above and the semitone below the note above being sounded first the principal note next and the semitone below last the three being performed quickly as a triplet preceding the marked note. The turn may be inverted so as to begin with the lower note in which case the sign is either placed on end thus / or drawn thus /.
Found on page(s): [9]

disorder, - disorder,, Definition(s): n.: Want of order or regular disposition; lack of arrangement; confusion; disarray; as the troops were thrown into disorder; the papers are in disorder.; n.: Neglect of order or system; irregularity.; n.: Breach of public order; disturbance of the peace of society; tumult.; n.: Disturbance of the functions of the animal economy of the soul; sickness; derangement.; v. t.: To disturb the order of; to derange or disarrange; to throw into confusion; to confuse.; v. t.: To disturb or interrupt the regular and natural functions of (either body or mind); to produce sickness or indisposition in; to discompose; to derange; as to disorder the head or stomach.; v. t.: To depose from holy orders.
Found on page(s): [32]

running - running, Definition(s): a.: Moving or advancing by running.; a.: Having a running gait; not a trotter or pacer.; a.: trained and kept for running races; as a running horse.; a.: Successive; one following the other without break or intervention; -- said of periods of time; as to be away two days running; to sow land two years running.; a.: Flowing; easy; cursive; as a running hand.; a.: Continuous; keeping along step by step; as he stated the facts with a running explanation.; a.: Extending by a slender climbing or trailing stem; as a running vine.; a.: Discharging pus; as a running sore.; n.: The act of one who or of that which runs; as the running was slow.; n.: That which runs or flows; the quantity of a liquid which flows in a certain time or during a certain operation; as the first running of a still.; n.: The discharge from an ulcer or other sore.
Found on page(s): [67]

secrecy, - secrecy,, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being hidden; as his movements were detected in spite of their secrecy.; n.: That which is concealed; a secret.; n.: Seclusion; privacy; retirement.; n.: The quality of being secretive; fidelity to a secret; forbearance of disclosure or discovery.
Found on page(s): [99]

spoken, - spoken,, Definition(s): a.: Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as a spoken narrative; the spoken word.; a.: Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition; as a pleasant-spoken man.
Found on page(s): [60]

obscurity; - obscurity;, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being obscure; darkness; privacy; inconspicuousness; unintelligibleness; uncertainty.
Found on page(s): [85]

spoken. - spoken., Definition(s): a.: Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as a spoken narrative; the spoken word.; a.: Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition; as a pleasant-spoken man.
Found on page(s): [87]

chose - chose, Definition(s): : of Choose.; n.: A thing; personal property.; : imp. & p. p. of Choose.
Found on page(s): [16]

render - render, Definition(s): n.: One who rends.; v. t.: To return; to pay back; to restore.; v. t.: To inflict as a retribution; to requite.; v. t.: To give up; to yield; to surrender.; v. t.: Hence to furnish; to contribute.; v. t.: To furnish; to state; to deliver; as to render an account; to render judgment.; v. t.: To cause to be or to become; as to render a person more safe or more unsafe; to render a fortress secure.; v. t.: To translate from one language into another; as to render Latin into English.; v. t.: To interpret; to set forth represent or exhibit; as an actor renders his part poorly; a singer renders a passage of music with great effect; a painter renders a scene in a felicitous manner.; v. t.: To try out or extract (oil lard tallow etc.) from fatty animal substances; as to render tallow.; v. t.: To plaster as a wall of masonry without the use of lath.; v. i.: To give an account; to make explanation or confession.; v. i.: To pass; to run; -- said of the passage of a rope through a block eyelet etc.; as a rope renders well that is passes freely; also to yield or give way.; n.: A surrender.; n.: A return; a payment of rent.; n.: An account given; a statement.
Found on page(s): [12, 19, 48, 72, 88, 95]

irrevocable, - irrevocable,, Definition(s): a.: Incapable of being recalled or revoked; unchangeable; irreversible; unalterable; as an irrevocable promise or decree; irrevocable fate.
Found on page(s): [54]

manifest - manifest, Definition(s): a.: Evident to the senses esp. to the sight; apparent; distinctly perceived; hence obvious to the understanding; apparent to the mind; easily apprehensible; plain; not obscure or hidden.; a.: Detected; convicted; -- with of.; a.: A public declaration; an open statement; a manifesto. See Manifesto.; a.: A list or invoice of a ship's cargo containing a description by marks numbers etc. of each package of goods to be exhibited at the customhouse.; v. t.: To show plainly; to make to appear distinctly -- usually to the mind; to put beyond question or doubt; to display; to exhibit.; v. t.: To exhibit the manifests or prepared invoices of; to declare at the customhouse.
Found on page(s): [23, 49, 76]

canal, - canal,, Definition(s): n.: An artificial channel filled with water and designed for navigation or for irrigating land etc.; n.: A tube or duct; as the alimentary canal; the semicircular canals of the ear.
Found on page(s): [74]

easily. - easily., Definition(s): adv.: With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as this task may be easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen.; adv.: Without pain anxiety or disturbance; as to pass life well and easily.; adv.: Readily; without reluctance; willingly.; adv.: Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without /umult or discord.; adv.: Without shaking or jolting; commodiously; as a carriage moves easily.
Found on page(s): [14, 63]

indignity - indignity, Definition(s): n.: Any action toward another which manifests contempt for him; an offense against personal dignity; unmerited contemptuous treatment; contumely; incivility or injury accompanied with insult.
Found on page(s): [60]

engage - engage, Definition(s): v. t.: To put under pledge; to pledge; to place under obligations to do or forbear doing something as by a pledge oath or promise; to bind by contract or promise.; v. t.: To gain for service; to bring in as associate or aid; to enlist; as to engage friends to aid in a cause; to engage men for service.; v. t.: To gain over; to win and attach; to attract and hold; to draw.; v. t.: To employ the attention and efforts of; to occupy; to engross; to draw on.; v. t.: To enter into contest with; to encounter; to bring to conflict.; v. t.: To come into gear with; as the teeth of one cogwheel engage those of another or one part of a clutch engages the other part.; v. i.: To promise or pledge one's self; to enter into an obligation; to become bound; to warrant.; v. i.: To embark in a business; to take a part; to employ or involve one's self; to devote attention and effort; to enlist; as to engage in controversy.; v. i.: To enter into conflict; to join battle; as the armies engaged in a general battle.; v. i.: To be in gear as two cogwheels working together.
Found on page(s): [46]

Leo - Leo, Definition(s): n.: The Lion the fifth sign of the zodiac marked thus [/] in almanacs.; n.: A northern constellation east of Cancer containing the bright star Regulus at the end of the handle of the Sickle.
Found on page(s): [33, 77]

stipend, - stipend,, Definition(s): n.: Settled pay or compensation for services whether paid daily monthly or annually.; v. t.: To pay by settled wages.
Found on page(s): [34]

Perhaps - Perhaps, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Found on page(s): [68]

remainder - remainder, Definition(s): n.: Anything that remains or is left after the separation and removal of a part; residue; remnant.; n.: The quantity or sum that is left after subtraction or after any deduction.; n.: An estate in expectancy generally in land which becomes an estate in possession upon the determination of a particular prior estate created at the same time and by the same instrument; for example if land be conveyed to A for life and on his death to B A's life interest is a particuar estate and B's interest is a remainder or estate in remainder.; a.: Remaining; left; left over; refuse.
Found on page(s): [101]

axiom - axiom, Definition(s): a.: An established principle in some art or science which though not a necessary truth is universally received; as the axioms of political economy.
Found on page(s): [71]

territory - territory, Definition(s): n.: A large extent or tract of land; a region; a country; a district.; n.: The extent of land belonging to or under the dominion of a prince state or other form of government; often a tract of land lying at a distance from the parent country or from the seat of government; as the territory of a State; the territories of the East India Company.; n.: In the United States a portion of the country not included within the limits of any State and not yet admitted as a State into the Union but organized with a separate legislature under a Territorial governor and other officers appointed by the President and Senate of the United States. In Canada a similarly organized portion of the country not yet formed into a Province.
Found on page(s): [72]

summon - summon, Definition(s): v. t.: To call bid or cite; to notify to come to appear; -- often with up.; v. t.: To give notice to or command to appear as in court; to cite by authority; as to summon witnesses.; v. t.: To call upon to surrender as a fort.
Found on page(s): [93]

maintain - maintain, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold or keep in any particular state or condition; to support; to sustain; to uphold; to keep up; not to suffer to fail or decline; as to maintain a certain degree of heat in a furnace; to maintain a fence or a railroad; to maintain the digestive process or powers of the stomach; to maintain the fertility of soil; to maintain present reputation.; v. t.: To keep possession of; to hold and defend; not to surrender or relinquish.; v. t.: To continue; not to suffer to cease or fail.; v. t.: To bear the expense of; to support; to keep up; to supply with what is needed.; v. t.: To affirm; to support or defend by argument.
Found on page(s): [3, 22, 26, 45, 52, 54, 57, 58, 93, 97]

servant, - servant,, Definition(s): n.: One who serves or does services voluntarily or on compulsion; a person who is employed by another for menial offices or for other labor and is subject to his command; a person who labors or exerts himself for the benefit of another his master or employer; a subordinate helper.; n.: One in a state of subjection or bondage.; n.: A professed lover or suitor; a gallant.; v. t.: To subject.
Found on page(s): [69]

effect, - effect,, Definition(s): n.: Execution; performance; realization; operation; as the law goes into effect in May.; n.: Manifestation; expression; sign.; n.: In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as the effect of luxury.; n.: Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.; n.: Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as to speak with effect.; n.: Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.; n.: The purport; the sum and substance.; n.: Reality; actual meaning; fact as distinguished from mere appearance.; n.: Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as the people escaped from the town with their effects.; v. t.: To produce as a cause or agent; to cause to be.; v. t.: To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Found on page(s): [74, 102]

servant. - servant., Definition(s): n.: One who serves or does services voluntarily or on compulsion; a person who is employed by another for menial offices or for other labor and is subject to his command; a person who labors or exerts himself for the benefit of another his master or employer; a subordinate helper.; n.: One in a state of subjection or bondage.; n.: A professed lover or suitor; a gallant.; v. t.: To subject.
Found on page(s): [69]

effect. - effect., Definition(s): n.: Execution; performance; realization; operation; as the law goes into effect in May.; n.: Manifestation; expression; sign.; n.: In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as the effect of luxury.; n.: Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.; n.: Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as to speak with effect.; n.: Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.; n.: The purport; the sum and substance.; n.: Reality; actual meaning; fact as distinguished from mere appearance.; n.: Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as the people escaped from the town with their effects.; v. t.: To produce as a cause or agent; to cause to be.; v. t.: To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Found on page(s): [49]

decided - decided, Definition(s): a.: Free from ambiguity; unequivocal; unmistakable; unquestionable; clear; evident; as a decided advantage.; a.: Free from doubt or wavering; determined; of fixed purpose; fully settled; positive; resolute; as a decided opinion or purpose.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 59, 80, 81, 90, 96, 99, 100]

modestly; - modestly;, Definition(s): adv.: In a modest manner.
Found on page(s): [88]

differently - differently, Definition(s): adv.: In a different manner; variously.
Found on page(s): [74]

poor, - poor,, Definition(s): superl.: Destitute of property; wanting in material riches or goods; needy; indigent.; superl.: So completely destitute of property as to be entitled to maintenance from the public.; superl.: Wanting in fat plumpness or fleshiness; lean; emaciated; meager; as a poor horse ox dog etc.; superl.: Wanting in strength or vigor; feeble; dejected; as poor health; poor spirits.; superl.: Of little value or worth; not good; inferior; shabby; mean; as poor clothes; poor lodgings.; superl.: Destitute of fertility; exhausted; barren; sterile; -- said of land; as poor soil.; superl.: Destitute of beauty fitness or merit; as a poor discourse; a poor picture.; superl.: Without prosperous conditions or good results; unfavorable; unfortunate; unconformable; as a poor business; the sick man had a poor night.; superl.: Inadequate; insufficient; insignificant; as a poor excuse.; superl.: Worthy of pity or sympathy; -- used also sometimes as a term of endearment or as an expression of modesty and sometimes as a word of contempt.; superl.: Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek.; n.: A small European codfish (Gadus minutus); -- called also power cod.
Found on page(s): [106]

depart, - depart,, Definition(s): v. i.: To part; to divide; to separate.; v. i.: To go forth or away; to quit leave or separate as from a place or a person; to withdraw; -- opposed to arrive; -- often with from before the place person or thing left and for or to before the destination.; v. i.: To forsake; to abandon; to desist or deviate (from); not to adhere to; -- with from; as we can not depart from our rules; to depart from a title or defense in legal pleading.; v. i.: To pass away; to perish.; v. i.: To quit this world; to die.; v. t.: To part thoroughly; to dispart; to divide; to separate.; v. t.: To divide in order to share; to apportion.; v. t.: To leave; to depart from.; n.: Division; separation as of compound substances into their ingredients.; n.: A going away; departure; hence death.
Found on page(s): [82]

remain - remain, Definition(s): v. i.: To stay behind while others withdraw; to be left after others have been removed or destroyed; to be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised.; v. i.: To continue unchanged in place form or condition or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last.; v. t.: To await; to be left to.; n.: State of remaining; stay.; n.: That which is left; relic; remainder; -- chiefly in the plural.; n.: That which is left of a human being after the life is gone; relics; a dead body.; n.: The posthumous works or productions esp.
Found on page(s): [6, 12, 15, 31, 33, 54, 61, 62, 66, 80, 97]

allied, - allied,, Definition(s): a.: United; joined; leagued; akin; related. See Ally.
Found on page(s): [67]

eye - eye, Definition(s): n.: A brood; as an eye of pheasants.; n.: The organ of sight or vision. In man and the vertebrates generally it is properly the movable ball or globe in the orbit but the term often includes the adjacent parts. In most invertebrates the years are immovable ocelli or compound eyes made up of numerous ocelli. See Ocellus.; n.: The faculty of seeing; power or range of vision; hence judgment or taste in the use of the eye and in judging of objects; as to have the eye of sailor; an eye for the beautiful or picturesque.; n.: The action of the organ of sight; sight look; view; ocular knowledge; judgment; opinion.; n.: The space commanded by the organ of sight; scope of vision; hence face; front; the presence of an object which is directly opposed or confronted; immediate presence.; n.: Observation; oversight; watch; inspection; notice; attention; regard.; n.: The spots on a feather as of peacock.; n.: The scar to which the adductor muscle is attached in oysters and other bivalve shells; also the adductor muscle itself esp. when used as food as in the scallop.; n.: The bud or sprout of a plant or tuber; as the eye of a potato.; n.: The center of a target; the bull's-eye.; n.: A small loop to receive a hook; as hooks and eyes on a dress.; n.: The hole through the head of a needle.; n.: A loop forming part of anything or a hole through anything to receive a rope hook pin shaft etc.; as an eye at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss; as an eye through a crank; an eye at the end of rope.; n.: The hole through the upper millstone.; n.: That which resembles the eye in relative importance or beauty.; n.: Tinge; shade of color.; v. t.: To fix the eye on; to look on; to view; to observe; particularly to observe or watch narrowly or with fixed attention; to hold in view.; v. i.: To appear; to look.
Found on page(s): [53, 84]

himself - himself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is himself who saved himself.; pron.: One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness passion delirium or abasement); as the man has come to himself.; pron. pl.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 12, 14, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 29, 30, 31, 36, 39, 40, 43, 45, 46, 48, 50, 51, 54, 56, 58, 59, 60, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 74, 75, 77, 78, 80, 81, 84, 90, 92, 93, 95, 105, 106]

slow - slow, Definition(s): : imp. of Slee to slay. Slew.; superl.: Moving a short space in a relatively long time; not swift; not quick in motion; not rapid; moderate; deliberate; as a slow stream; a slow motion.; superl.: Not happening in a short time; gradual; late.; superl.: Not ready; not prompt or quick; dilatory; sluggish; as slow of speech and slow of tongue.; superl.: Not hasty; not precipitate; acting with deliberation; tardy; inactive.; superl.: Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time; as the clock or watch is slow.; superl.: Not advancing or improving rapidly; as the slow growth of arts and sciences.; superl.: Heavy in wit; not alert prompt or spirited; wearisome; dull.; adv.: Slowly.; v. t.: To render slow; to slacken the speed of; to retard; to delay; as to slow a steamer.; v. i.: To go slower; -- often with up; as the train slowed up before crossing the bridge.; n.: A moth.
Found on page(s): [14, 48]

battle, - battle,, Definition(s): a.: Fertile. See Battel a.; v. t.: A general action fight or encounter in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat.; v. t.: A struggle; a contest; as the battle of life.; v. t.: A division of an army; a battalion.; v. t.: The main body as distinct from the van and rear; battalia.; n.: To join in battle; to contend in fight; as to battle over theories.; v. t.: To assail in battle; to fight.
Found on page(s): [43, 90]

battle. - battle., Definition(s): a.: Fertile. See Battel a.; v. t.: A general action fight or encounter in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat.; v. t.: A struggle; a contest; as the battle of life.; v. t.: A division of an army; a battalion.; v. t.: The main body as distinct from the van and rear; battalia.; n.: To join in battle; to contend in fight; as to battle over theories.; v. t.: To assail in battle; to fight.
Found on page(s): [101]

recount - recount, Definition(s): v. t.: To count or reckon again.; n.: A counting again as of votes.; v.: To tell over; to relate in detail; to recite; to tell or narrate the particulars of; to rehearse; to enumerate; as to recount one's blessings.
Found on page(s): [107]

"striving - "striving, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Strive.
Found on page(s): [51]

remedy. - remedy., Definition(s): n.: That which relieves or cures a disease; any medicine or application which puts an end to disease and restores health; -- with for; as a remedy for the gout.; n.: That which corrects or counteracts an evil of any kind; a corrective; a counteractive; reparation; cure; -- followed by for or against formerly by to.; n.: The legal means to recover a right or to obtain redress for a wrong.; n.: To apply a remedy to; to relieve; to cure; to heal; to repair; to redress; to correct; to counteract.
Found on page(s): [7]

adventurous, - adventurous,, Definition(s): n.: Inclined to adventure; willing to incur hazard; prone to embark in hazardous enterprise; rashly daring; -- applied to persons.; n.: Full of hazard; attended with risk; exposing to danger; requiring courage; rash; -- applied to acts; as an adventurous undertaking deed song.
Found on page(s): [75]

convention, - convention,, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of coming together; the state of being together; union; coalition.; v. i.: General agreement or concurrence; arbitrary custom; usage; conventionality.; v. i.: A meeting or an assembly of persons esp. of delegates or representatives to accomplish some specific object -- civil social political or ecclesiastical.; v. i.: An extraordinary assembly of the parkiament or estates of the realm held without the king's writ -- as the assembly which restored Charles II. to the throne and that which declared the throne to be abdicated by James II.; v. i.: An agreement or contract less formal than or preliminary to a treaty; an informal compact as between commanders of armies in respect to suspension of hostilities or between states; also a formal agreement between governments or sovereign powers; as a postal convention between two governments.
Found on page(s): [82]

disunion - disunion, Definition(s): n.: The termination of union; separation; disjunction; as the disunion of the body and the soul.; n.: A breach of concord and its effect; alienation.; n.: The termination or disruption of the union of the States forming the United States.
Found on page(s): [20]

enemy - enemy, Definition(s): n.: One hostile to another; one who hates and desires or attempts the injury of another; a foe; an adversary; as an enemy of or to a person; an enemy to truth or to falsehood.; a.: Hostile; inimical.
Found on page(s): [30, 31, 36, 40, 43, 55, 63, 81, 90, 91, 96, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102]

nobly - nobly, Definition(s): adv.: Of noble extraction; as nobly born or descended.; adv.: In a noble manner; with greatness of soul; heroically; with magnanimity; as a deed nobly done.; adv.: Splendidly; magnificently.
Found on page(s): [56]

penalty. - penalty., Definition(s): n.: Penal retribution; punishment for crime or offense; the suffering in person or property which is annexed by law or judicial decision to the commission of a crime offense or trespass.; n.: The suffering or the sum to be forfeited to which a person subjects himself by covenant or agreement in case of nonfulfillment of stipulations; forfeiture; fine.; n.: A handicap.
Found on page(s): [34]

remedy; - remedy;, Definition(s): n.: That which relieves or cures a disease; any medicine or application which puts an end to disease and restores health; -- with for; as a remedy for the gout.; n.: That which corrects or counteracts an evil of any kind; a corrective; a counteractive; reparation; cure; -- followed by for or against formerly by to.; n.: The legal means to recover a right or to obtain redress for a wrong.; n.: To apply a remedy to; to relieve; to cure; to heal; to repair; to redress; to correct; to counteract.
Found on page(s): [31]

skill; - skill;, Definition(s): n.: Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.; n.: Knowledge; understanding.; n.: The familiar knowledge of any art or science united with readiness and dexterity in execution or performance or in the application of the art or science to practical purposes; power to discern and execute; ability to perceive and perform; expertness; aptitude; as the skill of a mathematician physician surgeon mechanic etc.; n.: Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address.; n.: Any particular art.; v. t.: To know; to understand.; v. i.: To be knowing; to have understanding; to be dexterous in performance.; v. i.: To make a difference; to signify; to matter; -- used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [74]

lives: - lives:, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Life.; a. & adv.: Alive; living; with life.
Found on page(s): [85]

attribute - attribute, Definition(s): v. t.: To ascribe; to consider (something) as due or appropriate (to); to refer as an effect to a cause; to impute; to assign; to consider as belonging (to).; n.: That which is attributed; a quality which is considered as belonging to or inherent in a person or thing; an essential or necessary property or characteristic.; n.: Reputation.; n.: A conventional symbol of office character or identity added to any particular figure; as a club is the attribute of Hercules.; n.: Quality etc. denoted by an attributive; an attributive adjunct or adjective.
Found on page(s): [45]

poison - poison, Definition(s): n.: Any agent which when introduced into the animal organism is capable of producing a morbid noxious or deadly effect upon it; as morphine is a deadly poison; the poison of pestilential diseases.; n.: That which taints or destroys moral purity or health; as the poison of evil example; the poison of sin.; n.: To put poison upon or into; to infect with poison; as to poison an arrow; to poison food or drink.; n.: To injure or kill by poison; to administer poison to.; n.: To taint; to corrupt; to vitiate; as vice poisons happiness; slander poisoned his mind.; v. i.: To act as or convey a poison.
Found on page(s): [41]

desperation, - desperation,, Definition(s): n.: The act of despairing or becoming desperate; a giving up of hope.; n.: A state of despair or utter hopeless; abandonment of hope; extreme recklessness; reckless fury.
Found on page(s): [56]

hindrance, - hindrance,, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of hindering or the state of being hindered.; v. t.: That which hinders; an impediment.
Found on page(s): [65]

liberation - liberation, Definition(s): n.: The act of liberating or the state of being liberated.
Found on page(s): [91]

fortunate - fortunate, Definition(s): n.: Coming by good luck or favorable chance; bringing some good thing not foreseen as certain; presaging happiness; auspicious; as a fortunate event; a fortunate concurrence of circumstances; a fortunate investment.; n.: Receiving same unforeseen or unexpected good or some good which was not dependent on one's own skill or efforts; favored with good forune; lucky.
Found on page(s): [86]

persuade - persuade, Definition(s): v. t.: To influence or gain over by argument advice entreaty expostulation etc.; to draw or incline to a determination by presenting sufficient motives.; v. t.: To try to influence.; v. t.: To convince by argument or by reasons offered or suggested from reflection etc.; to cause to believe.; v. t.: To inculcate by argument or expostulation; to advise; to recommend.; v. i.: To use persuasion; to plead; to prevail by persuasion.; n.: Persuasion.
Found on page(s): [16]

lead, - lead,, Definition(s): n.: One of the elements a heavy pliable inelastic metal having a bright bluish color but easily tarnished. It is both malleable and ductile though with little tenacity and is used for tubes sheets bullets etc. Its specific gravity is 11.37. It is easily fusible forms alloys with other metals and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic weight 206.4. Symbol Pb (L. Plumbum). It is chiefly obtained from the mineral galena lead sulphide.; n.: A plummet or mass of lead used in sounding at sea.; n.: A thin strip of type metal used to separate lines of type in printing.; n.: Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs; hence pl. a roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.; n.: A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago used in pencils.; v. t.: To cover fill or affect with lead; as continuous firing leads the grooves of a rifle.; v. t.: To place leads between the lines of; as to lead a page; leaded matter.; v. t.: To guide or conduct with the hand or by means of some physical contact connection; as a father leads a child; a jockey leads a horse with a halter; a dog leads a blind man.; v. t.: To guide or conduct in a certain course or to a certain place or end by making the way known; to show the way esp. by going with or going in advance of. Hence figuratively: To direct; to counsel; to instruct; as to lead a traveler; to lead a pupil.; v. t.: To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; as to lead an army an exploring party or a search; to lead a political party.; v. t.: To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence to be foremost or chief among; as the big sloop led the fleet of yachts; the Guards led the attack; Demosthenes leads the orators of all ages.; v. t.: To draw or direct by influence whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure; as to lead one to espouse a righteous cause.; v. t.: To guide or conduct one's self in through or along (a certain course); hence to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).; v. t.: To begin a game round or trick with; as to lead trumps; the double five was led.; v. i.: To guide or conduct as by accompanying going before showing influencing directing with authority etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; -- used in most of the senses of lead v. t.; v. t.: To tend or reach in a certain direction or to a certain place; as the path leads to the mill; gambling leads to other vices.; n.: The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction; as to take the lead; to be under the lead of another.; n.: precedence; advance position; also the measure of precedence; as the white horse had the lead; a lead of a boat's length or of half a second.; n.: The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit or piece so played; as your partner has the lead.; n.: An open way in an ice field.; n.: A lode.; n.: The course of a rope from end to end.; n.: The width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve for the admission or release of steam at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.; n.: the distance of haul as from a cutting to an embankment.; n.: The action of a tooth as a tooth of a wheel in impelling another tooth or a pallet.
Found on page(s): [93]

irresolute - irresolute, Definition(s): a.: Not resolute; not decided or determined; wavering; given to doubt or irresolution.
Found on page(s): [67, 75]

LIBERATE - LIBERATE, Definition(s): a.: To release from restraint or bondage; to set at liberty; to free; to manumit; to disengage; as to liberate a slave or prisoner; to liberate the mind from prejudice; to liberate gases.
Found on page(s): [76]

embellish - embellish, Definition(s): v. t.: To make beautiful or elegant by ornaments; to decorate; to adorn; as to embellish a book with pictures a garden with shrubs and flowers a narrative with striking anecdotes or style with metaphors.
Found on page(s): [1]

stayed - stayed, Definition(s): a.: Staid; fixed; settled; sober; -- now written staid. See Staid.
Found on page(s): [82]

absolute - absolute, Definition(s): a.: Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional; as absolute authority monarchy sovereignty an absolute promise or command; absolute power; an absolute monarch.; a.: Complete in itself; perfect; consummate; faultless; as absolute perfection; absolute beauty.; a.: Viewed apart from modifying influences or without comparison with other objects; actual; real; -- opposed to relative and comparative; as absolute motion; absolute time or space.; a.: Loosed from or unconnected by dependence on any other being; self-existent; self-sufficing.; a.: Capable of being thought or conceived by itself alone; unconditioned; non-relative.; a.: Positive; clear; certain; not doubtful.; a.: Authoritative; peremptory.; a.: Pure; unmixed; as absolute alcohol.; a.: Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence in government; as the case absolute. See Ablative absolute under Ablative.; n.: In a plane the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions the imaginary circle at infinity.
Found on page(s): [29]

resolved, - resolved,, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having a fixed purpose; determined; resolute; -- usually placed after its noun; as a man resolved to be rich.
Found on page(s): [25]

describe - describe, Definition(s): v. t.: To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out; as to describe a circle by the compasses; a torch waved about the head in such a way as to describe a circle.; v. t.: To represent by words written or spoken; to give an account of; to make known to others by words or signs; as the geographer describes countries and cities.; v. t.: To distribute into parts groups or classes; to mark off; to class.; v. i.: To use the faculty of describing; to give a description; as Milton describes with uncommon force and beauty.
Found on page(s): [50]

argue, - argue,, Definition(s): v. i.: To invent and offer reasons to support or overthrow a proposition opinion or measure; to use arguments; to reason.; v. i.: To contend in argument; to dispute; to reason; -- followed by with; as you may argue with your friend without convincing him.; v. t.: To debate or discuss; to treat by reasoning; as the counsel argued the cause before a full court; the cause was well argued.; v. t.: To prove or evince; too manifest or exhibit by inference deduction or reasoning.; v. t.: To persuade by reasons; as to argue a man into a different opinion.; v. t.: To blame; to accuse; to charge with.
Found on page(s): [63]

understood - understood, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Understand.
Found on page(s): [51]

administration - administration, Definition(s): n.: The act of administering; government of public affairs; the service rendered or duties assumed in conducting affairs; the conducting of any office or employment; direction; management.; n.: The executive part of government; the persons collectively who are intrusted with the execution of laws and the superintendence of public affairs; the chief magistrate and his cabinet or council; or the council or ministry alone as in Great Britain.; n.: The act of administering or tendering something to another; dispensation; as the administration of a medicine of an oath of justice or of the sacrament.; n.: The management and disposal under legal authority of the estate of an intestate or of a testator having no competent executor.; n.: The management of an estate of a deceased person by an executor the strictly corresponding term execution not being in use.
Found on page(s): [60, 74]

boast - boast, Definition(s): v. i.: To vaunt one's self; to brag; to say or tell things which are intended to give others a high opinion of one's self or of things belonging to one's self; as to boast of one's exploits courage descent wealth.; v. i.: To speak in exulting language of another; to glory; to exult.; v. t.: To display in ostentatious language; to speak of with pride vanity or exultation with a view to self-commendation; to extol.; v. t.: To display vaingloriously.; v. t.: To possess or have; as to boast a name.; v. t.: To dress as a stone with a broad chisel.; v. t.: To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required.; n.: Act of boasting; vaunting or bragging.; n.: The cause of boasting; occasion of pride or exultation -- sometimes of laudable pride or exultation.
Found on page(s): [105]

clemency - clemency, Definition(s): n.: Disposition to forgive and spare as offenders; mildness of temper; gentleness; tenderness; mercy.; n.: Mildness or softness of the elements; as the clemency of the season.
Found on page(s): [94]

transversely. - transversely., Definition(s): adv.: In a transverse manner.
Found on page(s): [83]

insecure. - insecure., Definition(s): a.: Not secure; not confident of safety or permanence; distrustful; suspicious; apprehensive of danger or loss.; a.: Not effectually guarded protected or sustained; unsafe; unstable; exposed to danger or loss.
Found on page(s): [103]

insecure, - insecure,, Definition(s): a.: Not secure; not confident of safety or permanence; distrustful; suspicious; apprehensive of danger or loss.; a.: Not effectually guarded protected or sustained; unsafe; unstable; exposed to danger or loss.
Found on page(s): [29]

openly - openly, Definition(s): adv.: In an open manner; publicly; not in private; without secrecy.; adv.: Without reserve or disguise; plainly; evidently.
Found on page(s): [92]

sinister - sinister, Definition(s): a.: On the left hand or the side of the left hand; left; -- opposed to dexter or right.; a.: Unlucky; inauspicious; disastrous; injurious; evil; -- the left being usually regarded as the unlucky side; as sinister influences.; a.: Wrong as springing from indirection or obliquity; perverse; dishonest; corrupt; as sinister aims.; a.: Indicative of lurking evil or harm; boding covert danger; as a sinister countenance.
Found on page(s): [3]

flank - flank, Definition(s): n.: The fleshy or muscular part of the side of an animal between the ribs and the hip. See Illust. of Beef.; n.: The side of an army or of any division of an army as of a brigade regiment or battalion; the extreme right or left; as to attack an enemy in flank is to attack him on the side.; n.: That part of a bastion which reaches from the curtain to the face and defends the curtain the flank and face of the opposite bastion; any part of a work defending another by a fire along the outside of its parapet.; n.: The side of any building.; n.: That part of the acting surface of a gear wheel tooth that lies within the pitch line.; v. t.: To stand at the flank or side of; to border upon.; v. t.: To overlook or command the flank of; to secure or guard the flank of; to pass around or turn the flank of; to attack or threaten to attack; the flank of.; v. i.: To border; to touch.; v. i.: To be posted on the side.
Found on page(s): [98]

expectation, - expectation,, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of expecting or looking forward to an event as about to happen.; n.: That which is expected or looked for.; n.: The prospect of the future; grounds upon which something excellent is expected to happen; prospect of anything good to come esp. of property or rank.; n.: The value of any chance (as the prospect of prize or property) which depends upon some contingent event. Expectations are computed for or against the occurrence of the event.; n.: The leaving of the disease principally to the efforts of nature to effect a cure.
Found on page(s): [39, 81]

commemoration - commemoration, Definition(s): n.: The act of commemorating; an observance or celebration designed to honor the memory of some person or event.; n.: Whatever serves the purpose of commemorating; a memorial.
Found on page(s): [98]

weightiness - weightiness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being weighty; weight; force; importance; impressiveness.
Found on page(s): [1]

imagine - imagine, Definition(s): v. t.: To form in the mind a notion or idea of; to form a mental image of; to conceive; to produce by the imagination.; v. t.: To contrive in purpose; to scheme; to devise; to compass; to purpose. See Compass v. t. 5.; v. t.: To represent to one's self; to think; to believe.; v. i.: To form images or conceptions; to conceive; to devise.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [67]

alive. - alive., Definition(s): a.: Having life in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions; as an animal or a plant which is alive.; a.: In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent; as to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive.; a.: Exhibiting the activity and motion of many living beings; swarming; thronged.; a.: Sprightly; lively; brisk.; a.: Having susceptibility; easily impressed; having lively feelings as opposed to apathy; sensitive.; a.: Of all living (by way of emphasis).
Found on page(s): [75]

spiritual, - spiritual,, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of spirit; not material; incorporeal; as a spiritual substance or being.; a.: Of or pertaining to the intellectual and higher endowments of the mind; mental; intellectual.; a.: Of or pertaining to the moral feelings or states of the soul as distinguished from the external actions; reaching and affecting the spirits.; a.: Of or pertaining to the soul or its affections as influenced by the Spirit; controlled and inspired by the divine Spirit; proceeding from the Holy Spirit; pure; holy; divine; heavenly-minded; -- opposed to carnal.; a.: Not lay or temporal; relating to sacred things; ecclesiastical; as the spiritual functions of the clergy; lords spiritual and temporal; a spiritual corporation.; n.: A spiritual function office or affair. See Spirituality 2.
Found on page(s): [8]

whatever - whatever, Definition(s): pron.: Anything soever which; the thing or things of any kind; being this or that; of one nature or another; one thing or another; anything that may be; all that; the whole that; all particulars that; -- used both substantively and adjectively.
Found on page(s): [13, 46]

improving - improving, Definition(s): a.: Tending to improve beneficial; growing better.
Found on page(s): [68]

ignorance - ignorance, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being ignorant; the want of knowledge in general or in relation to a particular subject; the state of being uneducated or uninformed.; n.: A willful neglect or refusal to acquire knowledge which one may acquire and it is his duty to have.
Found on page(s): [41]

trifle - trifle, Definition(s): n.: A thing of very little value or importance; a paltry or trivial affair.; n.: A dish composed of sweetmeats fruits cake wine etc. with syllabub poured over it.; n.: To act or talk without seriousness gravity weight or dignity; to act or talk with levity; to indulge in light or trivial amusements.; v. t.: To make of no importance; to treat as a trifle.; v. t.: To spend in vanity; to fritter away; to waste; as to trifle away money.
Found on page(s): [34]

occupy - occupy, Definition(s): v. t.: To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess.; v. t.: To hold or fill the dimensions of; to take up the room or space of; to cover or fill; as the camp occupies five acres of ground.; v. t.: To possess or use the time or capacity of; to engage the service of; to employ; to busy.; v. t.: To do business in; to busy one's self with.; v. t.: To use; to expend; to make use of.; v. t.: To have sexual intercourse with.; v. i.: To hold possession; to be an occupant.; v. i.: To follow business; to traffic.
Found on page(s): [8]

hidden - hidden, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: from Hide. Concealed; put out of view; secret; not known; mysterious.
Found on page(s): [41]

simplicity - simplicity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being simple unmixed or uncompounded; as the simplicity of metals or of earths.; n.: The quality or state of being not complex or of consisting of few parts; as the simplicity of a machine.; n.: Artlessness of mind; freedom from cunning or duplicity; lack of acuteness and sagacity.; n.: Freedom from artificial ornament pretentious style or luxury; plainness; as simplicity of dress of style or of language; simplicity of diet; simplicity of life.; n.: Freedom from subtlety or abstruseness; clearness; as the simplicity of a doctrine; the simplicity of an explanation or a demonstration.; n.: Weakness of intellect; silliness; folly.
Found on page(s): [20]

losing, - losing,, Definition(s): a.: Given to flattery or deceit; flattering; cozening.; v. t.: Causing or incurring loss; as a losing game or business.
Found on page(s): [39]

summit - summit, Definition(s): n.: The top; the highest point.; n.: The highest degree; the utmost elevation; the acme; as the summit of human fame.; n.: The most elevated part of a bivalve shell or the part in which the hinge is situated.
Found on page(s): [2, 96]

silent, - silent,, Definition(s): a.: Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.; a.: Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative.; a.: Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as the wind is silent.; a.: Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent; as e is silent in fable.; a.: Having no effect; not operating; inefficient.; n.: That which is silent; a time of silence.
Found on page(s): [88]

foe; - foe;, Definition(s): n.: One who entertains personal enmity hatred grudge or malice against another; an enemy.; n.: An enemy in war; a hostile army.; n.: One who opposes on principle; an opponent; an adversary; an ill-wisher; as a foe to religion.; v. t.: To treat as an enemy.
Found on page(s): [34]

nor - nor, Definition(s): conj.: A negative connective or particle introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition following neither or not in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 16, 26, 27, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 39, 42, 43, 45, 47, 48, 49, 51, 54, 55, 57, 66, 69, 71, 74, 75, 77, 83, 86, 96, 97, 100, 102, 107]

conclusion - conclusion, Definition(s): n.: The last part of anything; close; termination; end.; n.: Final decision; determination; result.; n.: Any inference or result of reasoning.; n.: The inferred proposition of a syllogism; the necessary consequence of the conditions asserted in two related propositions called premises. See Syllogism.; n.: Drawing of inferences.; n.: An experiment or something from which a conclusion may be drawn.; n.: The end or close of a pleading e.g. the formal ending of an indictment against the peace etc.; n.: An estoppel or bar by which a person is held to a particular position.
Found on page(s): [50, 60]

durable - durable, Definition(s): a.: Able to endure or continue in a particular condition; lasting; not perishable or changeable; not wearing out or decaying soon; enduring; as durable cloth; durable happiness.
Found on page(s): [73]

doubtless - doubtless, Definition(s): a.: Free from fear or suspicion.; adv.: Undoubtedly; without doubt.
Found on page(s): [107]

foundation. - foundation., Definition(s): n.: The act of founding fixing establishing or beginning to erect.; n.: That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; groundwork; basis.; n.: The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall including the base course (see Base course (a) under Base n.) and footing courses; in a frame house the whole substructure of masonry.; n.: A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution and constituting a permanent fund; endowment.; n.: That which is founded or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.
Found on page(s): [102]

lived - lived, Definition(s): a.: Having life; -- used only in composition; as long-lived; short-lived.
Found on page(s): [17, 54, 56, 57, 86, 87, 107]

generous, - generous,, Definition(s): a.: Of honorable birth or origin; highborn.; a.: Exhibiting those qualities which are popularly reregarded as belonging to high birth; noble; honorable; magnanimous; spirited; courageous.; a.: Open-handed; free to give; not close or niggardly; munificent; as a generous friend or father.; a.: Characterized by generosity; abundant; overflowing; as a generous table.; a.: Full of spirit or strength; stimulating; exalting; as generous wine.
Found on page(s): [45]

severity - severity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being severe.; n.: Gravity or austerity; extreme strictness; rigor; harshness; as the severity of a reprimand or a reproof; severity of discipline or government; severity of penalties.; n.: The quality or power of distressing or paining; extreme degree; extremity; intensity; inclemency; as the severity of pain or anguish; the severity of cold or heat; the severity of the winter.; n.: Harshness; cruel treatment; sharpness of punishment; as severity practiced on prisoners of war.; n.: Exactness; rigorousness; strictness; as the severity of a test.
Found on page(s): [20]

SOLDIERY, - SOLDIERY,, Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [38]

election - election, Definition(s): a.: The act of choosing; choice; selection.; a.: The act of choosing a person to fill an office or to membership in a society as by ballot uplifted hands or viva voce; as the election of a president or a mayor.; a.: Power of choosing; free will; liberty to choose or act.; a.: Discriminating choice; discernment.; a.: Divine choice; predestination of individuals as objects of mercy and salvation; -- one of the five points of Calvinism.; a.: The choice made by a party of two alternatives by taking one of which the chooser is excluded from the other.; a.: Those who are elected.
Found on page(s): [22, 23]

conquer - conquer, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain or acquire by force; to take possession of by violent means; to gain dominion over; to subdue by physical means; to reduce; to overcome by force of arms; to cause to yield; to vanquish.; v. t.: To subdue or overcome by mental or moral power; to surmount; as to conquer difficulties temptation etc.; v. t.: To gain or obtain overcoming obstacles in the way; to win; as to conquer freedom; to conquer a peace.; v. i.: To gain the victory; to overcome; to prevail.
Found on page(s): [35, 36, 39, 40, 41]

recur. - recur., Definition(s): v. i.: To come back; to return again or repeatedly; to come again to mind.; v. i.: To occur at a stated interval or according to some regular rule; as the fever will recur to-night.; v. i.: To resort; to have recourse; to go for help.
Found on page(s): [30]

grew - grew, Definition(s): : imp. of Grow.
Found on page(s): [87, 89, 90]

Battle - Battle, Definition(s): a.: Fertile. See Battel a.; v. t.: A general action fight or encounter in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat.; v. t.: A struggle; a contest; as the battle of life.; v. t.: A division of an army; a battalion.; v. t.: The main body as distinct from the van and rear; battalia.; n.: To join in battle; to contend in fight; as to battle over theories.; v. t.: To assail in battle; to fight.
Found on page(s): [37]

rise - rise, Definition(s): v.: To move from a lower position to a higher; to ascend; to mount up. Specifically: -- (a) To go upward by walking climbing flying or any other voluntary motion; as a bird rises in the air; a fish rises to the bait.; v.: To ascend or float in a fluid as gases or vapors in air cork in water and the like.; v.: To move upward under the influence of a projecting force; as a bullet rises in the air.; v.: To grow upward; to attain a certain height; as this elm rises to the height of seventy feet.; v.: To reach a higher level by increase of quantity or bulk; to swell; as a river rises in its bed; the mercury rises in the thermometer.; v.: To become erect; to assume an upright position; as to rise from a chair or from a fall.; v.: To leave one's bed; to arise; as to rise early.; v.: To tower up; to be heaved up; as the Alps rise far above the sea.; v.: To slope upward; as a path a line or surface rises in this direction.; v.: To retire; to give up a siege.; v.: To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light as dough and the like.; v.: To have the aspect or the effect of rising.; v.: To appear above the horizont as the sun moon stars and the like.; v.: To become apparent; to emerge into sight; to come forth; to appear; as an eruption rises on the skin; the land rises to view to one sailing toward the shore.; v.: To become perceptible to other senses than sight; as a noise rose on the air; odor rises from the flower.; v.: To have a beginning; to proceed; to originate; as rivers rise in lakes or springs.; v.: To increase in size force or value; to proceed toward a climax.; v.: To increase in power or fury; -- said of wind or a storm and hence of passion.; v.: To become of higher value; to increase in price.; v.: To become larger; to swell; -- said of a boil tumor and the like.; v.: To increase in intensity; -- said of heat.; v.: To become louder or higher in pitch as the voice.; v.: To increase in amount; to enlarge; as his expenses rose beyond his expectations.; v.: In various figurative senses.; v.: To become excited opposed or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.; v.: To attain to a better social position; to be promoted; to excel; to succeed.; v.: To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; -- said of style thought or discourse; as to rise in force of expression; to rise in eloquence; a story rises in interest.; v.: To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.; v.: To come; to offer itself.; v.: To ascend from the grave; to come to life.; v.: To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn; as the committee rose after agreeing to the report.; v.: To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pith; as to rise a tone or semitone.; v.: To be lifted or to admit of being lifted from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; -- said of a form.; n.: The act of rising or the state of being risen.; n.: The distance through which anything rises; as the rise of the thermometer was ten degrees; the rise of the river was six feet; the rise of an arch or of a step.; n.: Land which is somewhat higher than the rest; as the house stood on a rise of land.; n.: Spring; source; origin; as the rise of a stream.; n.: Appearance above the horizon; as the rise of the sun or of a planet.; n.: Increase; advance; augmentation as of price value rank property fame and the like.; n.: Increase of sound; a swelling of the voice.; n.: Elevation or ascent of the voice; upward change of key; as a rise of a tone or semitone.; n.: The spring of a fish to seize food (as a fly) near the surface of the water.
Found on page(s): [15, 17, 23, 28, 37, 42, 63, 67]

fought - fought, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Fight.
Found on page(s): [25, 37, 87, 98, 101]

quickly - quickly, Definition(s): adv.: Speedily; with haste or celerity; soon; without delay; quick.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 21, 28, 49, 60, 63, 85, 90, 93, 95, 99]

decide - decide, Definition(s): v. t.: To cut off; to separate.; v. t.: To bring to a termination as a question controversy struggle by giving the victory to one side or party; to render judgment concerning; to determine; to settle.; v. i.: To determine; to form a definite opinion; to come to a conclusion; to give decision; as the court decided in favor of the defendant.
Found on page(s): [100]

rapacious, - rapacious,, Definition(s): a.: Given to plunder; disposed or accustomed to seize by violence; seizing by force.; a.: Accustomed to seize food; subsisting on prey or animals seized by violence; as a tiger is a rapacious animal; a rapacious bird.; a.: Avaricious; grasping; extortionate; also greedy; ravenous; voracious; as rapacious usurers; a rapacious appetite.
Found on page(s): [28, 46, 54, 57]

doubtful, - doubtful,, Definition(s): a.: Not settled in opinion; undetermined; wavering; hesitating in belief; also used metaphorically of the body when its action is affected by such a state of mind; as we are doubtful of a fact or of the propriety of a measure.; a.: Admitting of doubt; not obvious clear or certain; questionable; not decided; not easy to be defined classed or named; as a doubtful case hue claim title species and the like.; a.: Characterized by ambiguity; dubious; as a doubtful expression; a doubtful phrase.; a.: Of uncertain issue or event.; a.: Fearful; apprehensive; suspicious.
Found on page(s): [40]

modest - modest, Definition(s): a.: Restraining within due limits of propriety; not forward bold boastful or presumptious; rather retiring than pushing one's self forward; not obstructive; as a modest youth; a modest man.; a.: Observing the proprieties of the sex; not unwomanly in act or bearing; free from undue familiarity indecency or lewdness; decent in speech and demeanor; -- said of a woman.; a.: Evincing modestly in the actor author or speaker; not showing presumption; not excessive or extreme; moderate; as a modest request; modest joy.
Found on page(s): [57, 88]

doubly - doubly, Definition(s): adv.: In twice the quantity; to twice the degree; as doubly wise or good; to be doubly sensible of an obligation.; adv.: Deceitfully.
Found on page(s): [103]

hatred - hatred, Definition(s): n.: Strong aversion; intense dislike; hate; an affection of the mind awakened by something regarded as evil.
Found on page(s): [6, 20, 21, 56, 57, 58, 59, 61, 62]

crush - crush, Definition(s): v. t.: To press or bruise between two hard bodies; to squeeze so as to destroy the natural shape or integrity of the parts or to force together into a mass; as to crush grapes.; v. t.: To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding; to comminute; as to crush quartz.; v. t.: To overwhelm by pressure or weight; to beat or force down as by an incumbent weight.; v. t.: To oppress or burden grievously.; v. t.: To overcome completely; to subdue totally.; v. i.: To be or become broken down or in or pressed into a smaller compass by external weight or force; as an eggshell crushes easily.; n.: A violent collision or compression; a crash; destruction; ruin.; n.: Violent pressure as of a crowd; a crowd which produced uncomfortable pressure; as a crush at a peception.
Found on page(s): [19, 36]

stuck - stuck, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Stick.; n.: A thrust.
Found on page(s): [100]

greed - greed, Definition(s): n.: An eager desire or longing; greediness; as a greed of gain.
Found on page(s): [57]

rapacious; - rapacious;, Definition(s): a.: Given to plunder; disposed or accustomed to seize by violence; seizing by force.; a.: Accustomed to seize food; subsisting on prey or animals seized by violence; as a tiger is a rapacious animal; a rapacious bird.; a.: Avaricious; grasping; extortionate; also greedy; ravenous; voracious; as rapacious usurers; a rapacious appetite.
Found on page(s): [45]

catch - catch, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay hold on; to seize especially with the hand; to grasp (anything) in motion with the effect of holding; as to catch a ball.; v. t.: To seize after pursuing; to arrest; as to catch a thief.; v. t.: To take captive as in a snare or net or on a hook; as to catch a bird or fish.; v. t.: Hence: To insnare; to entangle.; v. t.: To seize with the senses or the mind; to apprehend; as to catch a melody.; v. t.: To communicate to; to fasten upon; as the fire caught the adjoining building.; v. t.: To engage and attach; to please; to charm.; v. t.: To get possession of; to attain.; v. t.: To take or receive; esp. to take by sympathy contagion infection or exposure; as to catch the spirit of an occasion; to catch the measles or smallpox; to catch cold; the house caught fire.; v. t.: To come upon unexpectedly or by surprise; to find; as to catch one in the act of stealing.; v. t.: To reach in time; to come up with; as to catch a train.; v. i.: To attain possession.; v. i.: To be held or impeded by entanglement or a light obstruction; as a kite catches in a tree; a door catches so as not to open.; v. i.: To take hold; as the bolt does not catch.; v. i.: To spread by or as by infecting; to communicate.; n.: Act of seizing; a grasp.; n.: That by which anything is caught or temporarily fastened; as the catch of a gate.; n.: The posture of seizing; a state of preparation to lay hold of or of watching he opportunity to seize; as to lie on the catch.; n.: That which is caught or taken; profit; gain; especially the whole quantity caught or taken at one time; as a good catch of fish.; n.: Something desirable to be caught esp. a husband or wife in matrimony.; n.: Passing opportunities seized; snatches.; n.: A slight remembrance; a trace.; n.: A humorous canon or round so contrived that the singers catch up each other's words.
Found on page(s): [104]

promising - promising, Definition(s): a.: Making a promise or promises; affording hope or assurance; as promising person; a promising day.
Found on page(s): [80]

counsel - counsel, Definition(s): n.: Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.; n.: Examination of consequences; exercise of deliberate judgment; prudence.; n.: Result of consultation; advice; instruction.; n.: Deliberate purpose; design; intent; scheme; plan.; n.: A secret opinion or purpose; a private matter.; n.: One who gives advice especially in legal matters; one professionally engaged in the trial or management of a cause in court; also collectively the legal advocates united in the management of a case; as the defendant has able counsel.; v. t.: To give advice to; to advice admonish or instruct as a person.; v. t.: To advise or recommend as an act or course.
Found on page(s): [71]

lives - lives, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Life.; a. & adv.: Alive; living; with life.
Found on page(s): [15, 44, 56, 77]

double - double, Definition(s): a.: Twofold; multiplied by two; increased by its equivalent; made twice as large or as much etc.; a.: Being in pairs; presenting two of a kind or two in a set together; coupled.; a.: Divided into two; acting two parts one openly and the other secretly; equivocal; deceitful; insincere.; a.: Having the petals in a flower considerably increased beyond the natural number usually as the result of cultivation and the expense of the stamens or stamens and pistils. The white water lily and some other plants have their blossoms naturally double.; adv.: Twice; doubly.; a.: To increase by adding an equal number quantity length value or the like; multiply by two; to double a sum of money; to double a number or length.; a.: To make of two thicknesses or folds by turning or bending together in the middle; to fold one part upon another part of; as to double the leaf of a book and the like; to clinch as the fist; -- often followed by up; as to double up a sheet of paper or cloth.; a.: To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as.; a.: To pass around or by; to march or sail round so as to reverse the direction of motion.; a.: To unite as ranks or files so as to form one from each two.; v. i.: To be increased to twice the sum number quantity length or value; to increase or grow to twice as much.; v. i.: To return upon one's track; to turn and go back over the same ground or in an opposite direction.; v. i.: To play tricks; to use sleights; to play false.; v. i.: To set up a word or words a second time by mistake; to make a doublet.; n.: Twice as much; twice the number sum quantity length value and the like.; n.: Among compositors a doublet (see Doublet 2.); among pressmen a sheet that is twice pulled and blurred.; n.: That which is doubled over or together; a doubling; a plait; a fold.; n.: A turn or circuit in running to escape pursues; hence a trick; a shift; an artifice.; n.: Something precisely equal or counterpart to another; a counterpart. Hence a wraith.; n.: A player or singer who prepares to take the part of another player in his absence; a substitute.; n.: Double beer; strong beer.; n.: A feast in which the antiphon is doubled hat is said twice before and after the Psalms instead of only half being said as in simple feasts.; n.: A game between two pairs of players; as a first prize for doubles.; n.: An old term for a variation as in Bach's Suites.
Found on page(s): [57, 72, 106]

dissolution - dissolution, Definition(s): n.: The act of dissolving sundering or separating into component parts; separation.; n.: Change from a solid to a fluid state; solution by heat or moisture; liquefaction; melting.; n.: Change of form by chemical agency; decomposition; resolution.; n.: The dispersion of an assembly by terminating its sessions; the breaking up of a partnership.; n.: The extinction of life in the human body; separation of the soul from the body; death.; n.: The state of being dissolved or of undergoing liquefaction.; n.: The new product formed by dissolving a body; a solution.; n.: Destruction of anything by the separation of its parts; ruin.; n.: Corruption of morals; dissipation; dissoluteness.
Found on page(s): [10]

chase, - chase,, Definition(s): v. t.: To pursue for the purpose of killing or taking as an enemy or game; to hunt.; v. t.: To follow as if to catch; to pursue; to compel to move on; to drive by following; to cause to fly; -- often with away or off; as to chase the hens away.; v. t.: To pursue eagerly as hunters pursue game.; v. i.: To give chase; to hunt; as to chase around after a doctor.; v.: Vehement pursuit for the purpose of killing or capturing as of an enemy or game; an earnest seeking after any object greatly desired; the act or habit of hunting; a hunt.; v.: That which is pursued or hunted.; v.: An open hunting ground to which game resorts and which is private properly thus differing from a forest which is not private property and from a park which is inclosed. Sometimes written chace.; v.: A division of the floor of a gallery marked by a figure or otherwise; the spot where a ball falls and between which and the dedans the adversary must drive his ball in order to gain a point.; n.: A rectangular iron frame in which pages or columns of type are imposed.; n.: The part of a cannon from the reenforce or the trunnions to the swell of the muzzle. See Cannon.; n.: A groove or channel as in the face of a wall; a trench as for the reception of drain tile.; n.: A kind of joint by which an overlap joint is changed to a flush joint by means of a gradually deepening rabbet as at the ends of clinker-built boats.; v. t.: To ornament (a surface of metal) by embossing cutting away parts and the like.; v. t.: To cut so as to make a screw thread.
Found on page(s): [43]

"correspondency" - "correspondency", Definition(s): n.: Same as Correspondence 3.
Found on page(s): [17]

spittle - spittle, Definition(s): n.: See Spital.; v. t.: To dig or stir with a small spade.; n.: A small sort of spade.; n.: The thick moist matter which is secreted by the salivary glands; saliva; spit.
Found on page(s): [104]

lofty - lofty, Definition(s): superl.: Lifted high up; having great height; towering; high.; superl.: Fig.: Elevated in character rank dignity spirit bearing language etc.; exalted; noble; stately; characterized by pride; haughty.
Found on page(s): [2, 22]

castle, - castle,, Definition(s): n.: A fortified residence especially that of a prince or nobleman; a fortress.; n.: Any strong imposing and stately mansion.; n.: A small tower as on a ship or an elephant's back.; n.: A piece made to represent a castle used in the game of chess; a rook.; v. i.: To move the castle to the square next to king and then the king around the castle to the square next beyond it for the purpose of covering the king.
Found on page(s): [97, 98]

overcome, - overcome,, Definition(s): v. t.: To get the better of; to surmount; to conquer; to subdue; as to overcome enemies in battle.; v. t.: To overflow; to surcharge.; v. t.: To come or pass over; to spreads over.; v. i.: To gain the superiority; to be victorious.
Found on page(s): [16]

castle. - castle., Definition(s): n.: A fortified residence especially that of a prince or nobleman; a fortress.; n.: Any strong imposing and stately mansion.; n.: A small tower as on a ship or an elephant's back.; n.: A piece made to represent a castle used in the game of chess; a rook.; v. i.: To move the castle to the square next to king and then the king around the castle to the square next beyond it for the purpose of covering the king.
Found on page(s): [97]

papacy - papacy, Definition(s): n.: The office and dignity of the pope or pontiff of Rome; papal jurisdiction.; n.: The popes collectively; the succession of popes.; n.: The Roman Catholic religion; -- commonly used by the opponents of the Roman Catholics in disparagement or in an opprobrious sense.
Found on page(s): [46]

Hence - Hence, Definition(s): adv.: From this place; away.; adv.: From this time; in the future; as a week hence.; adv.: From this reason; as an inference or deduction.; adv.: From this source or origin.; v. t.: To send away.
Found on page(s): [12, 16, 26, 41, 44, 48, 57, 71, 78]

widow, - widow,, Definition(s): n.: A woman who has lost her husband by death and has not married again; one living bereaved of a husband.; a.: Widowed.; v. t.: To reduce to the condition of a widow; to bereave of a husband; -- rarely used except in the past participle.; v. t.: To deprive of one who is loved; to strip of anything beloved or highly esteemed; to make desolate or bare; to bereave.; v. t.: To endow with a widow's right.; v. t.: To become or survive as the widow of.
Found on page(s): [86]

determined - determined, Definition(s): a.: Decided; resolute.
Found on page(s): [87, 89, 97]

completely - completely, Definition(s): adv.: In a complete manner; fully.
Found on page(s): [35, 85, 97, 101]

discipline; - discipline;, Definition(s): n.: The treatment suited to a disciple or learner; education; development of the faculties by instruction and exercise; training whether physical mental or moral.; n.: Training to act in accordance with established rules; accustoming to systematic and regular action; drill.; n.: Subjection to rule; submissiveness to order and control; habit of obedience.; n.: Severe training corrective of faults; instruction by means of misfortune suffering punishment etc.; n.: Correction; chastisement; punishment inflicted by way of correction and training.; n.: The subject matter of instruction; a branch of knowledge.; n.: The enforcement of methods of correction against one guilty of ecclesiastical offenses; reformatory or penal action toward a church member.; n.: Self-inflicted and voluntary corporal punishment as penance or otherwise; specifically a penitential scourge.; n.: A system of essential rules and duties; as the Romish or Anglican discipline.; v. t.: To educate; to develop by instruction and exercise; to train.; v. t.: To accustom to regular and systematic action; to bring under control so as to act systematically; to train to act together under orders; to teach subordination to; to form a habit of obedience in; to drill.; v. t.: To improve by corrective and penal methods; to chastise; to correct.; v. t.: To inflict ecclesiastical censures and penalties upon.
Found on page(s): [42, 50]

dividing - dividing, Definition(s): a.: That divides; separating; marking divisions; graduating.
Found on page(s): [11, 98]

enormously - enormously, Definition(s): adv.: In an enormous degree.
Found on page(s): [89]

portion - portion, Definition(s): n.: That which is divided off or separated as a part from a whole; a separated part of anything.; n.: A part considered by itself though not actually cut off or separated from the whole.; n.: A part assigned; allotment; share; fate.; n.: The part of an estate given to a child or heir or descending to him by law and distributed to him in the settlement of the estate; an inheritance.; n.: A wife's fortune; a dowry.; v. t.: To separate or divide into portions or shares; to parcel; to distribute.; v. t.: To endow with a portion or inheritance.
Found on page(s): [50, 84, 101]

discipline. - discipline., Definition(s): n.: The treatment suited to a disciple or learner; education; development of the faculties by instruction and exercise; training whether physical mental or moral.; n.: Training to act in accordance with established rules; accustoming to systematic and regular action; drill.; n.: Subjection to rule; submissiveness to order and control; habit of obedience.; n.: Severe training corrective of faults; instruction by means of misfortune suffering punishment etc.; n.: Correction; chastisement; punishment inflicted by way of correction and training.; n.: The subject matter of instruction; a branch of knowledge.; n.: The enforcement of methods of correction against one guilty of ecclesiastical offenses; reformatory or penal action toward a church member.; n.: Self-inflicted and voluntary corporal punishment as penance or otherwise; specifically a penitential scourge.; n.: A system of essential rules and duties; as the Romish or Anglican discipline.; v. t.: To educate; to develop by instruction and exercise; to train.; v. t.: To accustom to regular and systematic action; to bring under control so as to act systematically; to train to act together under orders; to teach subordination to; to form a habit of obedience in; to drill.; v. t.: To improve by corrective and penal methods; to chastise; to correct.; v. t.: To inflict ecclesiastical censures and penalties upon.
Found on page(s): [49]

discipline, - discipline,, Definition(s): n.: The treatment suited to a disciple or learner; education; development of the faculties by instruction and exercise; training whether physical mental or moral.; n.: Training to act in accordance with established rules; accustoming to systematic and regular action; drill.; n.: Subjection to rule; submissiveness to order and control; habit of obedience.; n.: Severe training corrective of faults; instruction by means of misfortune suffering punishment etc.; n.: Correction; chastisement; punishment inflicted by way of correction and training.; n.: The subject matter of instruction; a branch of knowledge.; n.: The enforcement of methods of correction against one guilty of ecclesiastical offenses; reformatory or penal action toward a church member.; n.: Self-inflicted and voluntary corporal punishment as penance or otherwise; specifically a penitential scourge.; n.: A system of essential rules and duties; as the Romish or Anglican discipline.; v. t.: To educate; to develop by instruction and exercise; to train.; v. t.: To accustom to regular and systematic action; to bring under control so as to act systematically; to train to act together under orders; to teach subordination to; to form a habit of obedience in; to drill.; v. t.: To improve by corrective and penal methods; to chastise; to correct.; v. t.: To inflict ecclesiastical censures and penalties upon.
Found on page(s): [24, 34]

Swiss - Swiss, Definition(s): n.sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Switzer; the people of Switzerland.; a.: Of or pertaining to Switzerland or the people of Switzerland.
Found on page(s): [78]

gain - gain, Definition(s): n.: A square or beveled notch cut out of a girder binding joist or other timber which supports a floor beam so as to receive the end of the floor beam.; a.: Convenient; suitable; direct; near; handy; dexterous; easy; profitable; cheap; respectable.; v. t.: That which is gained obtained or acquired as increase profit advantage or benefit; -- opposed to loss.; v. t.: The obtaining or amassing of profit or valuable possessions; acquisition; accumulation.; n.: To get as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as to gain a good living.; n.: To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition; as to gain a battle; to gain a case at law; to gain a prize.; n.: To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.; n.: To reach; to attain to; to arrive at; as to gain the top of a mountain; to gain a good harbor.; n.: To get incur or receive as loss harm or damage.; v. i.: To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest health or happiness; to make progress; as the sick man gains daily.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 14, 20, 24, 33, 37, 55, 62, 66, 72, 88, 92, 93, 105]

modern - modern, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the present time or time not long past; late; not ancient or remote in past time; of recent period; as modern days ages or time; modern authors; modern fashions; modern taste; modern practice.; a.: New and common; trite; commonplace.; n.: A person of modern times; -- opposed to ancient.
Found on page(s): [26, 51, 64, 70]

abate - abate, Definition(s): v. t.: To beat down; to overthrow.; v. t.: To bring down or reduce from a higher to a lower state number or degree; to lessen; to diminish; to contract; to moderate; to cut short; as to abate a demand; to abate pride zeal hope.; v. t.: To deduct; to omit; as to abate something from a price.; v. t.: To blunt.; v. t.: To reduce in estimation; to deprive.; v. t.: To bring entirely down or put an end to; to do away with; as to abate a nuisance to abate a writ.; v. t.: To diminish; to reduce. Legacies are liable to be abated entirely or in proportion upon a deficiency of assets.; v. t.: To decrease or become less in strength or violence; as pain abates a storm abates.; v. t.: To be defeated or come to naught; to fall through; to fail; as a writ abates.; n.: Abatement.
Found on page(s): [68]

alive, - alive,, Definition(s): a.: Having life in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions; as an animal or a plant which is alive.; a.: In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent; as to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive.; a.: Exhibiting the activity and motion of many living beings; swarming; thronged.; a.: Sprightly; lively; brisk.; a.: Having susceptibility; easily impressed; having lively feelings as opposed to apathy; sensitive.; a.: Of all living (by way of emphasis).
Found on page(s): [22, 91]

noteworthy - noteworthy, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of observation or notice; remarkable.
Found on page(s): [52, 56]

Mantua, - Mantua,, Definition(s): n.: A superior kind of rich silk formerly exported from Mantua in Italy.; n.: A woman's cloak or mantle; also a woman's gown.
Found on page(s): [8]

temporize - temporize, Definition(s): v. t.: To comply with the time or occasion; to humor or yield to the current of opinion or circumstances; also to trim as between two parties.; v. t.: To delay; to procrastinate.; v. t.: To comply; to agree.
Found on page(s): [21, 81]

wrong - wrong, Definition(s): : imp. of Wring. Wrung.; a.: Twisted; wry; as a wrong nose.; a.: Not according to the laws of good morals whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true; not legal; as a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires.; a.: Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect; as to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way.; a.: Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous; as a wrong statement.; a.: Designed to be worn or placed inward; as the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth.; adv.: In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly.; a.: That which is not right.; a.: Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right.; a.: Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error; as to be in the wrong.; a.: Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually an act that involves evil consequences as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right.; v. t.: To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure.; v. t.: To impute evil to unjustly; as if you suppose me capable of a base act you wrong me.
Found on page(s): [106]

"altogether - "altogether, Definition(s): adv.: All together; conjointly.; adv.: Without exception; wholly; completely.
Found on page(s): [52]

impossible, - impossible,, Definition(s): a.: Not possible; incapable of being done of existing etc.; unattainable in the nature of things or by means at command; insuperably difficult under the circumstances; absurd or impracticable; not feasible.; n.: An impossibility.
Found on page(s): [98]

javelin, - javelin,, Definition(s): n.: A sort of light spear to be thrown or cast by thew hand; anciently a weapon of war used by horsemen and foot soldiers; now used chiefly in hunting the wild boar and other fierce game.; v. t.: To pierce with a javelin.
Found on page(s): [101]

pleased - pleased, Definition(s): a.: Experiencing pleasure.
Found on page(s): [82, 87]

peaceable - peaceable, Definition(s): a.: Begin in or at peace; tranquil; quiet; free from or not disposed to war disorder or excitement; not quarrelsome.
Found on page(s): [93]

indebted - indebted, Definition(s): a.: Brought into debt; being under obligation; held to payment or requital; beholden.; a.: Placed under obligation for something received for which restitution or gratitude is due; as we are indebted to our parents for their care of us in infancy; indebted to friends for help and encouragement.
Found on page(s): [67, 103]

certain - certain, Definition(s): a.: Assured in mind; having no doubts; free from suspicions concerning.; a.: Determined; resolved; -- used with an infinitive.; a.: Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact.; a.: Actually existing; sure to happen; inevitable.; a.: Unfailing; infallible.; a.: Fixed or stated; regular; determinate.; a.: Not specifically named; indeterminate; indefinite; one or some; -- sometimes used independenty as a noun and meaning certain persons.; n.: Certainty.; n.: A certain number or quantity.; adv.: Certainly.
Found on page(s): [25, 43, 63, 80, 83, 89]

wondered - wondered, Definition(s): a.: Having performed wonders; able to perform wonderful things.
Found on page(s): [59, 77]

die. - die., Definition(s): v. i.: To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of by with from and rarely for before the cause or occasion of death; as to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought.; v. i.: To suffer death; to lose life.; v. i.: To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished.; v. i.: To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish with weakness discouragement love etc.; v. i.: To become indifferent; to cease to be subject; as to die to pleasure or to sin.; v. i.: To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away.; v. i.: To disappear gradually in another surface as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.; v. i.: To become vapid flat or spiritless as liquor.; n.: A small cube marked on its faces with spots from one to six and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice.; n.: Any small cubical or square body.; n.: That which is or might be determined by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.; n.: That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado.; n.: A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to or impress any desired device on an object or surface by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals coining striking up sheet metal etc.; n.: A perforated block commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch for punching holes as through plates or blanks from plates or for forming cups or capsules as from sheet metal by drawing.; n.: A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool made in one piece or composed of several parts for forming screw threads on bolts etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
Found on page(s): [22]

die, - die,, Definition(s): v. i.: To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of by with from and rarely for before the cause or occasion of death; as to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought.; v. i.: To suffer death; to lose life.; v. i.: To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished.; v. i.: To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish with weakness discouragement love etc.; v. i.: To become indifferent; to cease to be subject; as to die to pleasure or to sin.; v. i.: To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away.; v. i.: To disappear gradually in another surface as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.; v. i.: To become vapid flat or spiritless as liquor.; n.: A small cube marked on its faces with spots from one to six and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice.; n.: Any small cubical or square body.; n.: That which is or might be determined by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.; n.: That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado.; n.: A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to or impress any desired device on an object or surface by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals coining striking up sheet metal etc.; n.: A perforated block commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch for punching holes as through plates or blanks from plates or for forming cups or capsules as from sheet metal by drawing.; n.: A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool made in one piece or composed of several parts for forming screw threads on bolts etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
Found on page(s): [103]

widow - widow, Definition(s): n.: A woman who has lost her husband by death and has not married again; one living bereaved of a husband.; a.: Widowed.; v. t.: To reduce to the condition of a widow; to bereave of a husband; -- rarely used except in the past participle.; v. t.: To deprive of one who is loved; to strip of anything beloved or highly esteemed; to make desolate or bare; to bereave.; v. t.: To endow with a widow's right.; v. t.: To become or survive as the widow of.
Found on page(s): [10, 37]

arrest - arrest, Definition(s): v. t.: To stop; to check or hinder the motion or action of; as to arrest the current of a river; to arrest the senses.; v. t.: To take seize or apprehend by authority of law; as to arrest one for debt or for a crime.; v. t.: To seize on and fix; to hold; to catch; as to arrest the eyes or attention.; v. t.: To rest or fasten; to fix; to concentrate.; v. i.: To tarry; to rest.; v. t.: The act of stopping or restraining from further motion etc.; stoppage; hindrance; restraint; as an arrest of development.; v. t.: The taking or apprehending of a person by authority of law; legal restraint; custody. Also a decree mandate or warrant.; v. t.: Any seizure by power physical or moral.; v. t.: A scurfiness of the back part of the hind leg of a horse; -- also named rat-tails.
Found on page(s): [91]

Turning - Turning, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which turns; also a winding; a bending course; a fiexure; a meander.; n.: The place of a turn; an angle or corner as of a road.; n.: Deviation from the way or proper course.; n.: Turnery or the shaping of solid substances into various by means of a lathe and cutting tools.; n.: The pieces or chips detached in the process of turning from the material turned.; n.: A maneuver by which an enemy or a position is turned.
Found on page(s): [58]

discontent - discontent, Definition(s): a.: Not content; discontented; dissatisfied.; v. t.: To deprive of content; to make uneasy; to dissatisfy.; n.: Want of content; uneasiness and inquietude of mind; dissatisfaction; disquiet.; n.: A discontented person; a malcontent.
Found on page(s): [64]

born; - born;, Definition(s): v. t.: Brought forth as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.; v. t.: Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as a born liar.
Found on page(s): [86]

afterwards, - afterwards,, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [4, 12, 18, 33, 40, 43, 57]

despiser - despiser, Definition(s): n.: One who despises; a contemner; a scorner.
Found on page(s): [59]

"Fool, - "Fool,, Definition(s): n.: A compound of gooseberries scalded and crushed with cream; -- commonly called gooseberry fool.; n.: One destitute of reason or of the common powers of understanding; an idiot; a natural.; n.: A person deficient in intellect; one who acts absurdly or pursues a course contrary to the dictates of wisdom; one without judgment; a simpleton; a dolt.; n.: One who acts contrary to moral and religious wisdom; a wicked person.; n.: One who counterfeits folly; a professional jester or buffoon; a retainer formerly kept to make sport dressed fantastically in motley with ridiculous accouterments.; v. i.: To play the fool; to trifle; to toy; to spend time in idle sport or mirth.; v. t.: To infatuate; to make foolish.; v. t.: To use as a fool; to deceive in a shameful or mortifying manner; to impose upon; to cheat by inspiring foolish confidence; as to fool one out of his money.
Found on page(s): [105]

born, - born,, Definition(s): v. t.: Brought forth as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.; v. t.: Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as a born liar.
Found on page(s): [107]

presence, - presence,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being present or of being within sight or call or at hand; -- opposed to absence.; n.: The place in which one is present; the part of space within one's ken call influence etc.; neighborhood without the intervention of anything that forbids intercourse.; n.: Specifically neighborhood to the person of one of superior of exalted rank; also presence chamber.; n.: The whole of the personal qualities of an individual; person; personality; especially the person of a superior as a sovereign.; n.: An assembly especially of person of rank or nobility; noble company.; n.: Port mien; air; personal appearence.
Found on page(s): [104]

otherwise - otherwise, Definition(s): adv.: In a different manner; in another way or in other ways; differently; contrarily.; adv.: In other respects.; adv.: In different circumstances; under other conditions; as I am engaged otherwise I would accept.
Found on page(s): [10, 13, 28, 34, 47, 69, 70, 80]

difficulty. - difficulty., Definition(s): n.: The state of being difficult or hard to do; hardness; arduousness; -- opposed to easiness or facility; as the difficulty of a task or enterprise; a work of difficulty.; n.: Something difficult; a thing hard to do or to understand; that which occasions labor or perplexity and requires skill and perseverance to overcome solve or achieve; a hard enterprise; an obstacle; an impediment; as the difficulties of a science; difficulties in theology.; n.: A controversy; a falling out; a disagreement; an objection; a cavil.; n.: Embarrassment of affairs especially financial affairs; -- usually in the plural; as to be in difficulties.
Found on page(s): [5, 54, 86]

difficulty, - difficulty,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being difficult or hard to do; hardness; arduousness; -- opposed to easiness or facility; as the difficulty of a task or enterprise; a work of difficulty.; n.: Something difficult; a thing hard to do or to understand; that which occasions labor or perplexity and requires skill and perseverance to overcome solve or achieve; a hard enterprise; an obstacle; an impediment; as the difficulties of a science; difficulties in theology.; n.: A controversy; a falling out; a disagreement; an objection; a cavil.; n.: Embarrassment of affairs especially financial affairs; -- usually in the plural; as to be in difficulties.
Found on page(s): [11, 15, 45, 64, 91]

intrigue - intrigue, Definition(s): v. i.: To form a plot or scheme; to contrive to accomplish a purpose by secret artifice.; v. i.: To carry on a secret and illicit love or amour.; v. t.: To fill with artifice and duplicity; to complicate; to embarrass.; v. i.: Intricacy; complication.; v. i.: A complicated plot or scheme intended to effect some purpose by secret artifice; conspiracy; stratagem.; v. i.: The plot or romance; a complicated scheme of designs actions and events.; v. i.: A secret and illicit love affair between two persons of different sexes; an amour; a liaison.
Found on page(s): [29]

borne - borne, Definition(s): : of Bear.; p. p.: Carried; conveyed; supported; defrayed. See Bear v. t.
Found on page(s): [44]

plea - plea, Definition(s): n.: That which is alleged by a party in support of his cause; in a stricter sense an allegation of fact in a cause as distinguished from a demurrer; in a still more limited sense and in modern practice the defendant's answer to the plaintiff's declaration and demand. That which the plaintiff alleges in his declaration is answered and repelled or justified by the defendant's plea. In chancery practice a plea is a special answer showing or relying upon one or more things as a cause why the suit should be either dismissed delayed or barred. In criminal practice the plea is the defendant's formal answer to the indictment or information presented against him.; n.: A cause in court; a lawsuit; as the Court of Common Pleas. See under Common.; n.: That which is alleged or pleaded in defense or in justification; an excuse; an apology.; n.: An urgent prayer or entreaty.
Found on page(s): [106]

matter, - matter,, Definition(s): n.: That of which anything is composed; constituent substance; material; the material or substantial part of anything; the constituent elements of conception; that into which a notion may be analyzed; the essence; the pith; the embodiment.; n.: That of which the sensible universe and all existent bodies are composed; anything which has extension occupies space or is perceptible by the senses; body; substance.; n.: That with regard to or about which anything takes place or is done; the thing aimed at treated of or treated; subject of action discussion consideration feeling complaint legal action or the like; theme.; n.: That which one has to treat or with which one has to do; concern; affair; business.; n.: Affair worthy of account; thing of consequence; importance; significance; moment; -- chiefly in the phrases what matter ? no matter and the like.; n.: Inducing cause or occasion especially of anything disagreeable or distressing; difficulty; trouble.; n.: Amount; quantity; portion; space; -- often indefinite.; n.: Substance excreted from living animal bodies; that which is thrown out or discharged in a tumor boil or abscess; pus; purulent substance.; n.: That which is permanent or is supposed to be given and in or upon which changes are effected by psychological or physical processes and relations; -- opposed to form.; n.: Written manuscript or anything to be set in type; copy; also type set up and ready to be used or which has been used in printing.; v. i.: To be of importance; to import; to signify.; v. i.: To form pus or matter as an abscess; to maturate.; v. t.: To regard as important; to take account of; to care for.
Found on page(s): [85]

solely - solely, Definition(s): adv.: Singly; alone; only; without another; as to rest a cause solely one argument; to rely solelyn one's own strength.
Found on page(s): [17, 21, 50]

personally - personally, Definition(s): adv.: In a personal manner; by bodily presence; in person; not by representative or substitute; as to deliver a letter personally.; adv.: With respect to an individual; as regards the person; individually; particularly.; adv.: With respect to one's individuality; as regards one's self; as personally I have no feeling in the matter.
Found on page(s): [29, 75, 82, 102]

outside - outside, Definition(s): n.: The external part of a thing; the part end or side which forms the surface; that which appears or is manifest; that which is superficial; the exterior.; n.: The part or space which lies without an inclosure; the outer side as of a door walk or boundary.; n.: The furthest limit as to number quantity extent etc.; the utmost; as it may last a week at the outside.; n.: One who or that which is without; hence an outside passenger as distinguished from one who is inside. See Inside n. 3.; a.: Of or pertaining to the outside; external; exterior; superficial.; a.: Reaching the extreme or farthest limit as to extent quantity etc.; as an outside estimate.; adv.: or prep. On or to the outside (of); without; on the exterior; as to ride outside the coach; he stayed outside.
Found on page(s): [5, 20, 31, 54, 63, 70, 95]

effect - effect, Definition(s): n.: Execution; performance; realization; operation; as the law goes into effect in May.; n.: Manifestation; expression; sign.; n.: In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as the effect of luxury.; n.: Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.; n.: Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as to speak with effect.; n.: Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.; n.: The purport; the sum and substance.; n.: Reality; actual meaning; fact as distinguished from mere appearance.; n.: Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as the people escaped from the town with their effects.; v. t.: To produce as a cause or agent; to cause to be.; v. t.: To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Found on page(s): [22, 51, 71, 91]

hung - hung, Definition(s): : of Hang.; : imp. & p. p. of Hang.
Found on page(s): [105]

solemn - solemn, Definition(s): a.: Marked with religious rites and pomps; enjoined by or connected with religion; sacred.; a.: Pertaining to a festival; festive; festal.; a.: Stately; ceremonious; grand.; a.: Fitted to awaken or express serious reflections; marked by seriousness; serious; grave; devout; as a solemn promise; solemn earnestness.; a.: Real; earnest; downright.; a.: Affectedly grave or serious; as to put on a solemn face.; a.: Made in form; ceremonious; as solemn war; conforming with all legal requirements; as probate in solemn form.
Found on page(s): [25]

unworthy - unworthy, Definition(s): a.: Not worthy; wanting merit value or fitness; undeserving; worthless; unbecoming; -- often with of.
Found on page(s): [1]

perceive - perceive, Definition(s): v. t.: To obtain knowledge of through the senses; to receive impressions from by means of the bodily organs; to take cognizance of the existence character or identity of by means of the senses; to see hear or feel; as to perceive a distant ship; to perceive a discord.; v. t.: To take intellectual cognizance of; to apprehend by the mind; to be convinced of by direct intuition; to note; to remark; to discern; to see; to understand.; v. t.: To be affected of influented by.
Found on page(s): [65]

weigh - weigh, Definition(s): n.: A corruption of Way used only in the phrase under weigh.; v. t.: To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up; as to weigh anchor.; v. t.: To examine by the balance; to ascertain the weight of that is the force with which a thing tends to the center of the earth; to determine the heaviness or quantity of matter of; as to weigh sugar; to weigh gold.; v. t.: To be equivalent to in weight; to counterbalance; to have the heaviness of.; v. t.: To pay allot take or give by weight.; v. t.: To examine or test as if by the balance; to ponder in the mind; to consider or examine for the purpose of forming an opinion or coming to a conclusion; to estimate deliberately and maturely; to balance.; v. t.: To consider as worthy of notice; to regard.; v. i.: To have weight; to be heavy.; v. i.: To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance.; v. i.: To bear heavily; to press hard.; v. i.: To judge; to estimate.; n.: A certain quantity estimated by weight; an English measure of weight. See Wey.
Found on page(s): [40, 46]

"ad - "ad, Definition(s): : As a prefix ad- assumes the forms ac- af- ag- al- an- ap- ar- as- at- assimilating the d with the first letter of the word to which ad- is prefixed. It remains unchanged before vowels and before d h j m v. Examples: adduce adhere adjacent admit advent accord affect aggregate allude annex appear etc. It becomes ac- before qu as in acquiesce.
Found on page(s): [51]

unexpected - unexpected, Definition(s): a.: Not expected; coming without warning; sudden.
Found on page(s): [26, 43]

faith - faith, Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [10, 50, 51, 55]

remark - remark, Definition(s): n.: To mark in a notable manner; to distinquish clearly; to make noticeable or conspicuous; to piont out.; n.: To take notice of or to observe mentally; as to remark the manner of a speaker.; n.: To express in words or writing as observed or noticed; to state; to say; -- often with a substantive clause; as he remarked that it was time to go.; v. i.: To make a remark or remarks; to comment.; n.: Act of remarking or attentively noticing; notice or observation.; n.: The expression in speech or writing of something remarked or noticed; the mention of that which is worthy of attention or notice; hence also a casual observation comment or statement; as a pertinent remark.
Found on page(s): [6, 7]

legate - legate, Definition(s): n.: An ambassador or envoy.; n.: An ecclesiastic representing the pope and invested with the authority of the Holy See.; n.: An official assistant given to a general or to the governor of a province.; n.: Under the emperors a governor sent to a province.
Found on page(s): [49, 66, 67]

necessarily - necessarily, Definition(s): adv.: In a necessary manner; by necessity; unavoidably; indispensably.
Found on page(s): [69]

similarity, - similarity,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being similar; likeness; resemblance; as a similarity of features.
Found on page(s): [68]

lascivious, - lascivious,, Definition(s): a.: Wanton; lewd; lustful; as lascivious men; lascivious desires.; a.: Tending to produce voluptuous or lewd emotions.
Found on page(s): [45]

strive - strive, Definition(s): v. i.: To make efforts; to use exertions; to endeavor with earnestness; to labor hard.; v. i.: To struggle in opposition; to be in contention or dispute; to contend; to contest; -- followed by against or with before the person or thing opposed; as strive against temptation; strive for the truth.; v. i.: To vie; to compete; to be a rival.; n.: An effort; a striving.; n.: Strife; contention.
Found on page(s): [1, 46, 80]

alone - alone, Definition(s): a.: Quite by one's self; apart from or exclusive of others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.; a.: Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only.; a.: Sole; only; exclusive.; a.: Hence; Unique; rare; matchless.; adv.: Solely; simply; exclusively.
Found on page(s): [21, 32, 41, 57]

wearisome - wearisome, Definition(s): a.: Causing weariness; tiresome; tedious; weariful; as a wearisome march; a wearisome day's work; a wearisome book.
Found on page(s): [86]

malady - malady, Definition(s): n.: Any disease of the human body; a distemper disorder or indisposition proceeding from impaired defective or morbid organic functions; especially a lingering or deep-seated disorder.; n.: A moral or mental defect or disorder.
Found on page(s): [7]

blunder - blunder, Definition(s): v. i.: To make a gross error or mistake; as to blunder in writing or preparing a medical prescription.; v. i.: To move in an awkward clumsy manner; to flounder and stumble.; v. t.: To cause to blunder.; v. t.: To do or treat in a blundering manner; to confuse.; n.: Confusion; disturbance.; n.: A gross error or mistake resulting from carelessness stupidity or culpable ignorance.
Found on page(s): [10]

win - win, Definition(s): a.: To gain by superiority in competition or contest; to obtain by victory over competitors or rivals; as to win the prize in a gate; to win money; to win a battle or to win a country.; a.: To allure to kindness; to bring to compliance; to gain or obtain as by solicitation or courtship.; a.: To gain over to one's side or party; to obtain the favor friendship or support of; to render friendly or approving; as to win an enemy; to win a jury.; a.: To come to by toil or effort; to reach; to overtake.; a.: To extract as ore or coal.; v. i.: To gain the victory; to be successful; to triumph; to prevail.
Found on page(s): [22, 26, 28, 49, 80]

wit - wit, Definition(s): t: ing (p. pr. & vb. n.; n.: To know; to learn.; v.: Mind; intellect; understanding; sense.; v.: A mental faculty or power of the mind; -- used in this sense chiefly in the plural and in certain phrases; as to lose one's wits; at one's wits' end and the like.; v.: Felicitous association of objects not usually connected so as to produce a pleasant surprise; also. the power of readily combining objects in such a manner.; v.: A person of eminent sense or knowledge; a man of genius fancy or humor; one distinguished for bright or amusing sayings for repartee and the like.
Found on page(s): [25, 87]

governorship - governorship, Definition(s): n.: The office of a governor.
Found on page(s): [93]

fighting; - fighting;, Definition(s): a.: Qualified for war; fit for battle.; a.: Occupied in war; being the scene of a battle; as a fighting field.
Found on page(s): [101]

Moreover, - Moreover,, Definition(s): adv.: Beyond what has been said; further; besides; in addition; furthermore; also; likewise.
Found on page(s): [100]

erroneous; - erroneous;, Definition(s): a.: Wandering; straying; deviating from the right course; -- hence irregular; unnatural.; a.: Misleading; misled; mistaking.; a.: Containing error; not conformed to truth or justice; incorrect; false; mistaken; as an erroneous doctrine; erroneous opinion observation deduction view etc.
Found on page(s): [67]

station, - station,, Definition(s): n.: The act of standing; also attitude or pose in standing; posture.; n.: A state of standing or rest; equilibrium.; n.: The spot or place where anything stands especially where a person or thing habitually stands or is appointed to remain for a time; as the station of a sentinel.; n.: A regular stopping place in a stage road or route; a place where railroad trains regularly come to a stand for the convenience of passengers taking in fuel moving freight etc.; n.: The headquarters of the police force of any precinct.; n.: The place at which an instrument is planted or observations are made as in surveying.; n.: The particular place or kind of situation in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat.; n.: A place to which ships may resort and where they may anchor safely.; n.: A place or region to which a government ship or fleet is assigned for duty.; n.: A place calculated for the rendezvous of troops or for the distribution of them; also a spot well adapted for offensive measures. Wilhelm (Mil. Dict.).; n.: An enlargement in a shaft or galley used as a landing or passing place or for the accomodation of a pump tank etc.; n.: Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment.; n.: Situation; position; location.; n.: State; rank; condition of life; social status.; n.: The fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week Wednesday and Friday in memory of the council which condemned Christ and of his passion.; n.: A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers.; n.: One of the places at which ecclesiastical processions pause for the performance of an act of devotion; formerly the tomb of a martyr or some similarly consecrated spot; now especially one of those representations of the successive stages of our Lord's passion which are often placed round the naves of large churches and by the side of the way leading to sacred edifices or shrines and which are visited in rotation stated services being performed at each; -- called also Station of the cross.; v. t.: To place; to set; to appoint or assign to the occupation of a post place or office; as to station troops on the right of an army; to station a sentinel on a rampart; to station ships on the coasts of Africa.
Found on page(s): [105]

attention - attention, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense representation or thought; notice; exclusive or special consideration; earnest consideration thought or regard; obedient or affectionate heed; the supposed power or faculty of attending.; n.: An act of civility or courtesy; care for the comfort and pleasure of others; as attentions paid to a stranger.
Found on page(s): [69, 86, 94]

reduction - reduction, Definition(s): n.: The act of reducing or state of being reduced; conversion to a given state or condition; diminution; conquest; as the reduction of a body to powder; the reduction of things to order; the reduction of the expenses of government; the reduction of a rebellious province.; n.: The act or process of reducing. See Reduce v. t. 6. and To reduce an equation To reduce an expression under Reduce v. t.; v. t.: The correction of observations for known errors of instruments etc.; v. t.: The preparation of the facts and measurements of observations in order to deduce a general result.; v. t.: The process of making a copy of something as a figure design or draught on a smaller scale preserving the proper proportions.; v. t.: The bringing of a syllogism in one of the so-called imperfect modes into a mode in the first figure.; v. t.: The act process or result of reducing; as the reduction of iron from its ores; the reduction of aldehyde from alcohol.; v. t.: The operation of restoring a dislocated or fractured part to its former place.
Found on page(s): [41]

impotence, - impotence,, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [33]

oneself - oneself, Definition(s): pron.: A reflexive form of the indefinite pronoun one. Commonly writen as two words one's self.
Found on page(s): [68, 70]

extent - extent, Definition(s): a.: Extended.; n.: Space or degree to which a thing is extended; hence superficies; compass; bulk; size; length; as an extent of country or of line; extent of information or of charity.; n.: Degree; measure; proportion.; n.: A peculiar species of execution upon debts due to the crown under which the lands and goods of the debtor may be seized to secure payment.; n.: A process of execution by which the lands and goods of a debtor are valued and delivered to the creditor.
Found on page(s): [59]

bring - bring, Definition(s): v. t.: To convey to the place where the speaker is or is to be; to bear from a more distant to a nearer place; to fetch.; v. t.: To cause the accession or obtaining of; to procure; to make to come; to produce; to draw to.; v. t.: To convey; to move; to carry or conduct.; v. t.: To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 19, 20, 35, 45, 60, 74, 77, 80, 87, 89, 93, 94, 95, 103]

losing - losing, Definition(s): a.: Given to flattery or deceit; flattering; cozening.; v. t.: Causing or incurring loss; as a losing game or business.
Found on page(s): [42]

fit - fit, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Fight.; n.: In Old English a song; a strain; a canto or portion of a ballad; a passus.; superl.: Adapted to an end object or design; suitable by nature or by art; suited by character qualitties circumstances education etc.; qualified; competent; worthy.; superl.: Prepared; ready.; superl.: Conformed to a standart of duty properiety or taste; convenient; meet; becoming; proper.; v. t.: To make fit or suitable; to adapt to the purpose intended; to qualify; to put into a condition of readiness or preparation.; v. t.: To bring to a required form and size; to shape aright; to adapt to a model; to adjust; -- said especially of the work of a carpenter machinist tailor etc.; v. t.: To supply with something that is suitable or fit or that is shaped and adjusted to the use required.; v. t.: To be suitable to; to answer the requirements of; to be correctly shaped and adjusted to; as if the coat fits you put it on.; v. i.: To be proper or becoming.; v. i.: To be adjusted to a particular shape or size; to suit; to be adapted; as his coat fits very well.; n.: The quality of being fit; adjustment; adaptedness; as of dress to the person of the wearer.; n.: The coincidence of parts that come in contact.; n.: The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly.; n.: A stroke or blow.; n.: A sudden and violent attack of a disorder; a stroke of disease as of epilepsy or apoplexy which produces convulsions or unconsciousness; a convulsion; a paroxysm; hence a period of exacerbation of a disease; in general an attack of disease; as a fit of sickness.; n.: A mood of any kind which masters or possesses one for a time; a temporary absorbing affection; a paroxysm; as a fit melancholy of passion or of laughter.; n.: A passing humor; a caprice; a sudden and unusual effort activity or motion followed by relaxation or insction; an impulse and irregular action.; n.: A darting point; a sudden emission.
Found on page(s): [76]

fix - fix, Definition(s): a.: Fixed; solidified.; v. t.: To make firm stable or fast; to set or place permanently; to fasten immovably; to establish; to implant; to secure; to make definite.; v. t.: To hold steadily; to direct unwaveringly; to fasten as the eye on an object the attention on a speaker.; v. t.: To transfix; to pierce.; v. t.: To render (an impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensible to the action of light.; v. t.: To put in order; to arrange; to dispose of; to adjust; to set to rights; to set or place in the manner desired or most suitable; hence to repair; as to fix the clothes; to fix the furniture of a room.; v. t.: To line the hearth of (a puddling furnace) with fettling.; v. i.: To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest.; v. i.: To become firm so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable as a metallic substance.; n.: A position of difficulty or embarassment; predicament; dilemma.; n.: fettling.
Found on page(s): [16, 18]

honest - honest, Definition(s): a.: Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming.; a.: Characterized by integrity or fairness and straight/forwardness in conduct thought speech etc.; upright; just; equitable; trustworthy; truthful; sincere; free from fraud guile or duplicity; not false; -- said of persons and acts and of things to which a moral quality is imputed; as an honest judge or merchant; an honest statement; an honest bargain; an honest business; an honest book; an honest confession.; a.: Open; frank; as an honest countenance.; a.: Chaste; faithful; virtuous.; a.: To adorn; to grace; to honor; to make becoming appropriate or honorable.
Found on page(s): [58, 69, 71]

neglect - neglect, Definition(s): adv.: Not to attend to with due care or attention; to forbear one's duty in regard to; to suffer to pass unimproved unheeded undone etc.; to omit; to disregard; to slight; as to neglect duty or business; to neglect to pay debts.; adv.: To omit to notice; to forbear to treat with attention or respect; to slight; as to neglect strangers.; v.: Omission of proper attention; avoidance or disregard of duty from heedlessness indifference or willfulness; failure to do use or heed anything; culpable disregard; as neglect of business of health of economy.; v.: Omission if attention or civilities; slight; as neglect of strangers.; v.: Habitual carelessness; negligence.; v.: The state of being disregarded slighted or neglected.
Found on page(s): [42, 47, 64]

grow - grow, Definition(s): v. i.: To increase in size by a natural and organic process; to increase in bulk by the gradual assimilation of new matter into the living organism; -- said of animals and vegetables and their organs.; v. i.: To increase in any way; to become larger and stronger; to be augmented; to advance; to extend; to wax; to accrue.; v. i.: To spring up and come to matturity in a natural way; to be produced by vegetation; to thrive; to flourish; as rice grows in warm countries.; v. i.: To pass from one state to another; to result as an effect from a cause; to become; as to grow pale.; v. i.: To become attached of fixed; to adhere.; v. t.: To cause to grow; to cultivate; to produce; as to grow a crop; to grow wheat hops or tobacco.
Found on page(s): [7, 17]

ad - ad, Definition(s): : As a prefix ad- assumes the forms ac- af- ag- al- an- ap- ar- as- at- assimilating the d with the first letter of the word to which ad- is prefixed. It remains unchanged before vowels and before d h j m v. Examples: adduce adhere adjacent admit advent accord affect aggregate allude annex appear etc. It becomes ac- before qu as in acquiesce.
Found on page(s): [22, 23, 51]

meantime, - meantime,, Definition(s): n.: Alt.; adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [97]

league - league, Definition(s): n.: A measure of length or distance varying in different countries from about 2.4 to 4.6 English statute miles of 5.280 feet each and used (as a land measure) chiefly on the continent of Europe and in the Spanish parts of America. The marine league of England and the United States is equal to three marine or geographical miles of 6080 feet each.; n.: A stone erected near a public road to mark the distance of a league.; n.: An alliance or combination of two or more nations parties or persons for the accomplishment of a purpose which requires a continued course of action as for mutual defense or for furtherance of commercial religious or political interests etc.; v. i.: To unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support; to confederate.; v. t.: To join in a league; to cause to combine for a joint purpose; to combine; to unite; as common interests will league heterogeneous elements.
Found on page(s): [93]

former - former, Definition(s): n.: One who forms; a maker; a creator.; n.: A shape around which an article is to be shaped molded woven wrapped pasted or otherwise constructed.; n.: A templet pattern or gauge by which an article is shaped.; n.: A cutting die.; a.: Preceding in order of time; antecedent; previous; prior; earlier; hence ancient; long past.; a.: Near the beginning; preceeding; as the former part of a discourse or argument.; a.: Earlier as between two things mentioned together; first mentioned.
Found on page(s): [5, 12, 14, 19, 23, 27, 58, 62, 64, 75, 81, 84, 89, 94]

peace - peace, Definition(s): v.: Exemption from or cessation of war with public enemies.; v.: Public quiet order and contentment in obedience to law.; v.: Exemption from or subjection of agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience.; v.: Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord.; v. t. & i.: To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
Found on page(s): [20, 34, 43, 47, 53, 81, 94]

violence, - violence,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force.; n.: Injury done to that which is entitled to respect reverence or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault.; n.: Ravishment; rape; constupration.; v. t.: To assault; to injure; also to bring by violence; to compel.
Found on page(s): [24, 27, 73, 96]

consideration - consideration, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of considering; continuous careful thought; examination; contemplation; deliberation; attention.; n.: Attentive respect; appreciative regard; -- used especially in diplomatic or stately correspondence.; n.: Thoughtful or sympathetic regard or notice.; n.: Claim to notice or regard; some degree of importance or consequence.; n.: The result of delibration or of attention and examonation; matured opinion; a reflection; as considerations on the choice of a profession.; n.: That which is or should be taken into account as a ground of opinion or action; motive; reason.; n.: The cause which moves a contracting party to enter into an agreement; the material cause of a contract; the price of a stripulation; compensation; equivalent.
Found on page(s): [56, 61]

violence. - violence., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force.; n.: Injury done to that which is entitled to respect reverence or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault.; n.: Ravishment; rape; constupration.; v. t.: To assault; to injure; also to bring by violence; to compel.
Found on page(s): [59]

formed - formed, Definition(s): a.: Arranged as stars in a constellation; as formed stars.; a.: Having structure; capable of growth and development; organized; as the formed or organized ferments. See Ferment n.
Found on page(s): [61, 64, 82, 99]

brother - brother, Definition(s): n.: A male person who has the same father and mother with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case he is more definitely called a half brother or brother of the half blood.; n.: One related or closely united to another by some common tie or interest as of rank profession membership in a society toil suffering etc.; -- used among judges clergymen monks physicians lawyers professors of religion etc.; n.: One who or that which resembles another in distinctive qualities or traits of character.; v. t.: To make a brother of; to call or treat as a brother; to admit to a brotherhood.
Found on page(s): [25, 59, 83, 91]

hurt - hurt, Definition(s): n.: A band on a trip-hammer helve bearing the trunnions.; n.: A husk. See Husk 2.; v. t.: To cause physical pain to; to do bodily harm to; to wound or bruise painfully.; v. t.: To impar the value usefulness beauty or pleasure of; to damage; to injure; to harm.; v. t.: To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve.
Found on page(s): [22]

scattered, - scattered,, Definition(s): a.: Dispersed; dissipated; sprinkled or loosely spread.; a.: Irregular in position; having no regular order; as scattered leaves.
Found on page(s): [5, 6]

Paradise - Paradise, Definition(s): n.: The garden of Eden in which Adam and Eve were placed after their creation.; n.: The abode of sanctified souls after death.; n.: A place of bliss; a region of supreme felicity or delight; hence a state of happiness.; n.: An open space within a monastery or adjoining a church as the space within a cloister the open court before a basilica etc.; n.: A churchyard or cemetery.; v. t.: To affect or exalt with visions of felicity; to entrance; to bewitch.
Found on page(s): [106]

Christendom; - Christendom;, Definition(s): n.: The profession of faith in Christ by baptism; hence the Christian religion or the adoption of it.; n.: The name received at baptism; or more generally any name or appelation.; n.: That portion of the world in which Christianity prevails or which is governed under Christian institutions in distinction from heathen or Mohammedan lands.; n.: The whole body of Christians.
Found on page(s): [65]

admit. - admit., Definition(s): v. t.: To suffer to enter; to grant entrance whether into a place or into the mind or consideration; to receive; to take; as they were into his house; to admit a serious thought into the mind; to admit evidence in the trial of a cause.; v. t.: To give a right of entrance; as a ticket admits one into a playhouse.; v. t.: To allow (one) to enter on an office or to enjoy a privilege; to recognize as qualified for a franchise; as to admit an attorney to practice law; the prisoner was admitted to bail.; v. t.: To concede as true; to acknowledge or assent to as an allegation which it is impossible to deny; to own or confess; as the argument or fact is admitted; he admitted his guilt.; v. t.: To be capable of; to permit; as the words do not admit such a construction. In this sense of may be used after the verb or may be omitted.
Found on page(s): [62]

prove - prove, Definition(s): v. t.: To try or to ascertain by an experiment or by a test or standard; to test; as to prove the strength of gunpowder or of ordnance; to prove the contents of a vessel by a standard measure.; v. t.: To evince establish or ascertain as truth reality or fact by argument testimony or other evidence.; v. t.: To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify; as to prove a will.; v. t.: To gain experience of the good or evil of; to know by trial; to experience; to suffer.; v. t.: To test evince ascertain or verify as the correctness of any operation or result; thus in subtraction if the difference between two numbers added to the lesser number makes a sum equal to the greater the correctness of the subtraction is proved.; v. t.: To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of; as to prove a page.; v. i.: To make trial; to essay.; v. i.: To be found by experience trial or result; to turn out to be; as a medicine proves salutary; the report proves false.; v. i.: To succeed; to turn out as expected.
Found on page(s): [71, 102]

ordering - ordering, Definition(s): n.: Disposition; distribution; management.
Found on page(s): [100]

admire - admire, Definition(s): v. t.: To regard with wonder or astonishment; to view with surprise; to marvel at.; v. t.: To regard with wonder and delight; to look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure as something which calls out approbation esteem love or reverence; to estimate or prize highly; as to admire a person of high moral worth to admire a landscape.; v. i.: To wonder; to marvel; to be affected with surprise; -- sometimes with at.
Found on page(s): [49]

permanency - permanency, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being permanent; continuance in the same state or place; duration; fixedness; as the permanence of institutions; the permanence of nature.
Found on page(s): [82]

recourse - recourse, Definition(s): n.: A coursing back or coursing again along the line of a previous coursing; renewed course; return; retreat; recurence.; n.: Recurrence in difficulty perplexity need or the like; access or application for aid; resort.; n.: Access; admittance.; v. i.: To return; to recur.; v. i.: To have recourse; to resort.
Found on page(s): [5, 20, 50, 92, 93]

enterprise, - enterprise,, Definition(s): n.: That which is undertaken; something attempted to be performed; a work projected which involves activity courage energy and the like; a bold arduous or hazardous attempt; an undertaking; as a manly enterprise; a warlike enterprise.; n.: Willingness or eagerness to engage in labor which requires boldness promptness energy and like qualities; as a man of great enterprise.; v. t.: To undertake; to begin and attempt to perform; to venture upon.; v. t.: To treat with hospitality; to entertain.; v. i.: To undertake an enterprise or something hazardous or difficult.
Found on page(s): [10, 16, 78]

sudden - sudden, Definition(s): a.: Happening without previous notice or with very brief notice; coming unexpectedly or without the common preparation; immediate; instant; speedy.; a.: Hastly prepared or employed; quick; rapid.; a.: Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate.; adv.: Suddenly; unexpectedly.; n.: An unexpected occurrence; a surprise.
Found on page(s): [37]

fool - fool, Definition(s): n.: A compound of gooseberries scalded and crushed with cream; -- commonly called gooseberry fool.; n.: One destitute of reason or of the common powers of understanding; an idiot; a natural.; n.: A person deficient in intellect; one who acts absurdly or pursues a course contrary to the dictates of wisdom; one without judgment; a simpleton; a dolt.; n.: One who acts contrary to moral and religious wisdom; a wicked person.; n.: One who counterfeits folly; a professional jester or buffoon; a retainer formerly kept to make sport dressed fantastically in motley with ridiculous accouterments.; v. i.: To play the fool; to trifle; to toy; to spend time in idle sport or mirth.; v. t.: To infatuate; to make foolish.; v. t.: To use as a fool; to deceive in a shameful or mortifying manner; to impose upon; to cheat by inspiring foolish confidence; as to fool one out of his money.
Found on page(s): [105]

indulgence, - indulgence,, Definition(s): n.: The act of indulging or humoring; the quality of being indulgent; forbearance of restrain or control.; n.: An indulgent act; favor granted; gratification.; n.: Remission of the temporal punishment due to sins after the guilt of sin has been remitted by sincere repentance; absolution from the censures and public penances of the church. It is a payment of the debt of justice to God by the application of the merits of Christ and his saints to the contrite soul through the church. It is therefore believed to diminish or destroy for sins the punishment of purgatory.; v. t.: To grant an indulgence to.
Found on page(s): [60]

whom - whom, Definition(s): pron.: The objective case of who. See Who.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 11, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 28, 29, 32, 36, 37, 40, 43, 46, 53, 54, 55, 58, 59, 60, 62, 65, 67, 70, 71, 76, 77, 80, 81, 83, 84, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 98, 101, 104, 105]

scarcely - scarcely, Definition(s): adv.: With difficulty; hardly; scantly; barely; but just.; adv.: Frugally; penuriously.
Found on page(s): [11, 93, 97, 101]

foot - foot, Definition(s): n.: The terminal part of the leg of man or an animal; esp. the part below the ankle or wrist; that part of an animal upon which it rests when standing or moves. See Manus and Pes.; n.: The muscular locomotive organ of a mollusk. It is a median organ arising from the ventral region of body often in the form of a flat disk as in snails. See Illust. of Buccinum.; n.: That which corresponds to the foot of a man or animal; as the foot of a table; the foot of a stocking.; n.: The lowest part or base; the ground part; the bottom as of a mountain or column; also the last of a row or series; the end or extremity esp. if associated with inferiority; as the foot of a hill; the foot of the procession; the foot of a class; the foot of the bed.; n.: Fundamental principle; basis; plan; -- used only in the singular.; n.: Recognized condition; rank; footing; -- used only in the singular.; n.: A measure of length equivalent to twelve inches; one third of a yard. See Yard.; n.: Soldiers who march and fight on foot; the infantry usually designated as the foot in distinction from the cavalry.; n.: A combination of syllables consisting a metrical element of a verse the syllables being formerly distinguished by their quantity or length but in modern poetry by the accent.; n.: The lower edge of a sail.; v. i.: To tread to measure or music; to dance; to trip; to skip.; v. i.: To walk; -- opposed to ride or fly.; v. t.: To kick with the foot; to spurn.; v. t.: To set on foot; to establish; to land.; v. t.: To tread; as to foot the green.; v. t.: To sum up as the numbers in a column; -- sometimes with up; as to foot (or foot up) an account.; v. t.: The size or strike with the talon.; v. t.: To renew the foot of as of stocking.
Found on page(s): [38, 83, 94, 97, 98, 99]

mixed: - mixed:, Definition(s): a.: Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [97]

fidelity,(*) - fidelity,(*), Definition(s): n.: Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty or discharge of obligations.; n.: Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.; n.: Adherence to the marriage contract.; n.: Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Found on page(s): [52]

charge - charge, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay on or impose as a load tax or burden; to load; to fill.; v. t.: To lay on or impose as a task duty or trust; to command instruct or exhort with authority; to enjoin; to urge earnestly; as to charge a jury; to charge the clergy of a diocese; to charge an agent.; v. t.: To lay on impose or make subject to or liable for.; v. t.: To fix or demand as a price; as he charges two dollars a barrel for apples.; v. t.: To place something to the account of as a debt; to debit as to charge one with goods. Also to enter upon the debit side of an account; as to charge a sum to one.; v. t.: To impute or ascribe; to lay to one's charge.; v. t.: To accuse; to make a charge or assertion against (a person or thing); to lay the responsibility (for something said or done) at the door of.; v. t.: To place within or upon any firearm piece of apparatus or machinery the quantity it is intended and fitted to hold or bear; to load; to fill; as to charge a gun; to charge an electrical machine etc.; v. t.: To ornament with or cause to bear; as to charge an architectural member with a molding.; v. t.: To assume as a bearing; as he charges three roses or; to add to or represent on; as he charges his shield with three roses or.; v. t.: To call to account; to challenge.; v. t.: To bear down upon; to rush upon; to attack.; v. i.: To make an onset or rush; as to charge with fixed bayonets.; v. i.: To demand a price; as to charge high for goods.; v. i.: To debit on an account; as to charge for purchases.; v. i.: To squat on its belly and be still; -- a command given by a sportsman to a dog.; v. t.: A load or burder laid upon a person or thing.; v. t.: A person or thing commited or intrusted to the care custody or management of another; a trust.; v. t.: Custody or care of any person thing or place; office; responsibility; oversight; obigation; duty.; v. t.: Heed; care; anxiety; trouble.; v. t.: Harm.; v. t.: An order; a mandate or command; an injunction.; v. t.: An address (esp. an earnest or impressive address) containing instruction or exhortation; as the charge of a judge to a jury; the charge of a bishop to his clergy.; v. t.: An accusation of a wrong of offense; allegation; indictment; specification of something alleged.; v. t.: Whatever constitutes a burden on property as rents taxes lines etc.; costs; expense incurred; -- usually in the plural.; v. t.: The price demanded for a thing or service.; v. t.: An entry or a account of that which is due from one party to another; that which is debited in a business transaction; as a charge in an account book.; v. t.: That quantity as of ammunition electricity ore fuel etc. which any apparatus as a gun battery furnace machine etc.; v. t.: The act of rushing upon or towards an enemy; a sudden onset or attack as of troops esp. cavalry; hence the signal for attack; as to sound the charge.; v. t.: A position (of a weapon) fitted for attack; as to bring a weapon to the charge.; v. t.: A soft of plaster or ointment.; v. t.: A bearing. See Bearing n. 8.; n.: Thirty-six pigs of lead each pig weighing about seventy pounds; -- called also charre.; n.: Weight; import; value.
Found on page(s): [79, 88, 106]

keeping - keeping, Definition(s): n.: A holding; restraint; custody; guard; charge; care; preservation.; n.: Maintenance; support; provision; feed; as the cattle have good keeping.; n.: Conformity; congruity; harmony; consistency; as these subjects are in keeping with each other.; n.: Harmony or correspondence between the different parts of a work of art; as the foreground of this painting is not in keeping.
Found on page(s): [14, 16, 17, 34, 43, 54, 58, 84, 85]

mixed. - mixed., Definition(s): a.: Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [34]

mounted - mounted, Definition(s): a.: Seated or serving on horseback or similarly; as mounted police; mounted infantry.; a.: Placed on a suitable support or fixed in a setting; as a mounted gun; a mounted map; a mounted gem.
Found on page(s): [25, 84]

mixed, - mixed,, Definition(s): a.: Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [41]

centurion, - centurion,, Definition(s): n.: A military officer who commanded a minor division of the Roman army; a captain of a century.
Found on page(s): [59]

Pope - Pope, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [3, 8, 10, 19, 21, 22, 25, 32, 33, 35, 37, 38, 39, 46, 67, 75]

centurion. - centurion., Definition(s): n.: A military officer who commanded a minor division of the Roman army; a captain of a century.
Found on page(s): [59]

fly - fly, Definition(s): v. i.: To move in or pass thorugh the air with wings as a bird.; v. i.: To move through the air or before the wind; esp. to pass or be driven rapidly through the air by any impulse.; v. i.: To float wave or rise in the air as sparks or a flag.; v. i.: To move or pass swiftly; to hasten away; to circulate rapidly; as a ship flies on the deep; a top flies around; rumor flies.; v. i.: To run from danger; to attempt to escape; to flee; as an enemy or a coward flies. See Note under Flee.; v. i.: To move suddenly or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly; -- usually with a qualifying word; as a door flies open; a bomb flies apart.; v. t.: To cause to fly or to float in the air as a bird a kite a flag etc.; v. t.: To fly or flee from; to shun; to avoid.; v. t.: To hunt with a hawk.; v. i.: Any winged insect; esp. one with transparent wings; as the Spanish fly; firefly; gall fly; dragon fly.; v. i.: Any dipterous insect; as the house fly; flesh fly; black fly. See Diptera and Illust. in Append.; v. i.: A hook dressed in imitation of a fly -- used for fishing.; v. i.: A familiar spirit; a witch's attendant.; v. i.: A parasite.; v. i.: A kind of light carriage for rapid transit plying for hire and usually drawn by one horse.; v. i.: The length of an extended flag from its staff; sometimes the length from the union to the extreme end.; v. i.: The part of a vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows.; v. i.: That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card.; v. i.: Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis to act as a fanner or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air as in the striking part of a clock.; v. i.: A heavy wheel or cross arms with weights at the ends on a revolving axis to regulate or equalize the motion of machinery by means of its inertia where the power communicated or the resistance to be overcome is variable as in the steam engine or the coining press. See Fly wheel (below).; v. i.: The piece hinged to the needle which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch.; v. i.: The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin in a spinning wheel or spinning frame to twist the yarn.; v. i.: A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk.; v. i.: Formerly the person who took the printed sheets from the press.; v. i.: A vibrating frame with fingers attached to a power to a power printing press for doing the same work.; v. i.: The outer canvas of a tent with double top usually drawn over the ridgepole but so extended as to touch the roof of the tent at no other place.; v. i.: One of the upper screens of a stage in a theater.; v. i.: The fore flap of a bootee; also a lap on trousers overcoats etc. to conceal a row of buttons.; v. i.: A batted ball that flies to a considerable distance usually high in the air; also the flight of a ball so struck; as it was caught on the fly.; a.: Knowing; wide awake; fully understanding another's meaning.
Found on page(s): [100, 107]

Father - Father, Definition(s): n.: One who has begotten a child whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.; n.: A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural fathers ancestors.; n.: One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance affetionate care counsel or protection.; n.: A respectful mode of address to an old man.; n.: A senator of ancient Rome.; n.: A dignitary of the church a superior of a convent a confessor (called also father confessor) or a priest; also the eldest member of a profession or of a legislative assembly etc.; n.: One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as the Latin Greek or apostolic Fathers.; n.: One who or that which gives origin; an originator; a producer author or contriver; the first to practice any art profession or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.; n.: The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology the first person in the Trinity.; v. t.: To make one's self the father of; to beget.; v. t.: To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement policy etc.).; v. t.: To provide with a father.
Found on page(s): [8]

lived. - lived., Definition(s): a.: Having life; -- used only in composition; as long-lived; short-lived.
Found on page(s): [21]

nothing; - nothing;, Definition(s): n.: Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.; n.: Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.; n.: A thing of no account value or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.; n.: A cipher; naught.; adv.: In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Found on page(s): [104]

forget. - forget., Definition(s): v. t.: To lose the remembrance of; to let go from the memory; to cease to have in mind; not to think of; also to lose the power of; to cease from doing.; v. t.: To treat with inattention or disregard; to slight; to neglect.
Found on page(s): [13]

freely - freely, Definition(s): adv.: In a free manner; without restraint or compulsion; abundantly; gratuitously.
Found on page(s): [70]

lived, - lived,, Definition(s): a.: Having life; -- used only in composition; as long-lived; short-lived.
Found on page(s): [9, 57, 102]

essential - essential, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to the essence or that which makes an object or class of objects what it is.; a.: Hence really existing; existent.; a.: Important in the highest degree; indispensable to the attainment of an object; indispensably necessary.; a.: Containing the essence or characteristic portion of a substance as of a plant; highly rectified; pure; hence unmixed; as an essential oil.; a.: Necessary; indispensable; -- said of those tones which constitute a chord in distinction from ornamental or passing tones.; a.: Idiopathic; independent of other diseases.
Found on page(s): [43, 99]

mistake; - mistake;, Definition(s): v. t.: To make or form amiss; to spoil in making.; v. t.: To take or choose wrongly.; v. t.: To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand misapprehend or misconceive; as to mistake a remark; to mistake one's meaning.; v. t.: To substitute in thought or perception; as to mistake one person for another.; v. t.: To have a wrong idea of in respect of character qualities etc.; to misjudge.; v. i.: To err in knowledge perception opinion or judgment; to commit an unintentional error.; n.: An apprehending wrongly; a misconception; a misunderstanding; a fault in opinion or judgment; an unintentional error of conduct.; n.: Misconception error which when non-negligent may be ground for rescinding a contract or for refusing to perform it.
Found on page(s): [36]

vent - vent, Definition(s): n.: Sale; opportunity to sell; market.; v. t.: To sell; to vend.; n.: A baiting place; an inn.; v. i.: To snuff; to breathe or puff out; to snort.; n.: A small aperture; a hole or passage for air or any fluid to escape; as the vent of a cask; the vent of a mold; a volcanic vent.; n.: The anal opening of certain invertebrates and fishes; also the external cloacal opening of reptiles birds amphibians and many fishes.; n.: The opening at the breech of a firearm through which fire is communicated to the powder of the charge; touchhole.; n.: Sectional area of the passage for gases divided by the length of the same passage in feet.; n.: Fig.: Opportunity of escape or passage from confinement or privacy; outlet.; n.: Emission; escape; passage to notice or expression; publication; utterance.; v. t.: To let out at a vent or small aperture; to give passage or outlet to.; v. t.: To suffer to escape from confinement; to let out; to utter; to pour forth; as to vent passion or complaint.; v. t.: To utter; to report; to publish.; v. t.: To scent as a hound.; v. t.: To furnish with a vent; to make a vent in; as to vent. a mold.
Found on page(s): [27, 57]

di - di, Definition(s): : A prefix signifying twofold double twice.; : denoting two atoms radicals groups or equivalents as the case may be. See Bi- 2.; : A prefix denoting through; also between apart asunder across. Before a vowel dia-becomes di-; as diactinic; dielectric etc.
Found on page(s): [64, 80, 82, 83, 84, 85, 90, 93, 95, 96, 97]

observe - observe, Definition(s): v. t.: To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as to observe rules or commands; to observe civility.; v. t.: To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover; as to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army.; v. t.: To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark.; v. i.: To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend.; v. i.: To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Found on page(s): [44, 51, 52]

mistake, - mistake,, Definition(s): v. t.: To make or form amiss; to spoil in making.; v. t.: To take or choose wrongly.; v. t.: To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand misapprehend or misconceive; as to mistake a remark; to mistake one's meaning.; v. t.: To substitute in thought or perception; as to mistake one person for another.; v. t.: To have a wrong idea of in respect of character qualities etc.; to misjudge.; v. i.: To err in knowledge perception opinion or judgment; to commit an unintentional error.; n.: An apprehending wrongly; a misconception; a misunderstanding; a fault in opinion or judgment; an unintentional error of conduct.; n.: Misconception error which when non-negligent may be ground for rescinding a contract or for refusing to perform it.
Found on page(s): [21, 41]

accomplished - accomplished, Definition(s): a.: Completed; effected; established; as an accomplished fact.; a.: Complete in acquirements as the result usually of training; -- commonly in a good sense; as an accomplished scholar an accomplished villain.
Found on page(s): [21, 75, 88]

slowly, - slowly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a slow manner; moderately; not rapidly; not early; not rashly; not readly; tardly.
Found on page(s): [37, 90]

won - won, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Win.; v. i.: To dwell or abide.; n.: Dwelling; wone.
Found on page(s): [21, 22]

rare - rare, Definition(s): a.: Early.; superl.: Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as rare beef or mutton.; superl.: Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual; as a rare event.; superl.: Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found.; superl.: Thinly scattered; dispersed.; superl.: Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin; as a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
Found on page(s): [55]

warning - warning, Definition(s): a.: Giving previous notice; cautioning; admonishing; as a warning voice.; n.: Previous notice.; n.: Caution against danger or against faults or evil practices which incur danger; admonition; monition.
Found on page(s): [19]

beloved, - beloved,, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Greatly loved; dear to the heart.; n.: One greatly loved.
Found on page(s): [88]

fatigue, - fatigue,, Definition(s): n.: Weariness from bodily labor or mental exertion; lassitude or exhaustion of strength.; n.: The cause of weariness; labor; toil; as the fatigues of war.; n.: The weakening of a metal when subjected to repeated vibrations or strains.; n.: To weary with labor or any bodily or mental exertion; to harass with toil; to exhaust the strength or endurance of; to tire.
Found on page(s): [59]

utmost - utmost, Definition(s): a.: Situated at the farthest point or extremity; farthest out; most distant; extreme; as the utmost limits of the land; the utmost extent of human knowledge.; a.: Being in the greatest or highest degree quantity number or the like; greatest; as the utmost assiduity; the utmost harmony; the utmost misery or happiness.; n.: The most that can be; the farthest limit; the greatest power degree or effort; as he has done his utmost; try your utmost.
Found on page(s): [5, 13, 57, 60, 72, 82, 101]

subtlety. - subtlety., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being subtle or sly; cunning; craftiness; artfulness.; n.: Nice discernment with delicacy of mental action; nicety of discrimination.; n.: Something that is sly crafty or delusive.
Found on page(s): [77]

toga, - toga,, Definition(s): n.: The loose outer garment worn by the ancient Romans consisting of a single broad piece of woolen cloth of a shape approaching a semicircle. It was of undyed wool except the border of the toga praetexta.
Found on page(s): [96]

governor. - governor., Definition(s): n.: One who governs; especially one who is invested with the supreme executive authority in a State; a chief ruler or magistrate; as the governor of Pennsylvania.; n.: One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian.; n.: A pilot; a steersman.; n.: A contrivance applied to steam engines water wheels and other machinery to maintain nearly uniform speed when the resistances and motive force are variable.
Found on page(s): [20]

anything; - anything;, Definition(s): n.: Any object act state event or fact whatever; thing of any kind; something or other; aught; as I would not do it for anything.; n.: Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like.; adv.: In any measure; anywise; at all.
Found on page(s): [16]

governor, - governor,, Definition(s): n.: One who governs; especially one who is invested with the supreme executive authority in a State; a chief ruler or magistrate; as the governor of Pennsylvania.; n.: One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian.; n.: A pilot; a steersman.; n.: A contrivance applied to steam engines water wheels and other machinery to maintain nearly uniform speed when the resistances and motive force are variable.
Found on page(s): [89, 95]

pontiff - pontiff, Definition(s): n.: A high priest.; n.: One of the sacred college in ancient Rome which had the supreme jurisdiction over all matters of religion at the head of which was the Pontifex Maximus.; n.: The chief priest.; n.: The pope.
Found on page(s): [75, 95]

Fortune, - Fortune,, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [102]

Ferrara; - Ferrara;, Definition(s): n.: A sword bearing the mark of one of the Ferrara family of Italy. These swords were highly esteemed in England and Scotland in the 16th and 17th centuries.
Found on page(s): [32]

fourteen - fourteen, Definition(s): a.: Four and ten more; twice seven.; n.: The sum of ten and four; forteen units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing fourteen as 14 or xiv.
Found on page(s): [58, 87]

affirm - affirm, Definition(s): v. t.: to assert or confirm as a judgment decree or order brought before an appellate court for review.; v. t.: To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to maintain as true; -- opposed to deny.; v. t.: To declare as a fact solemnly under judicial sanction. See Affirmation 4.; v. i.: To declare or assert positively.; v. i.: To make a solemn declaration before an authorized magistrate or tribunal under the penalties of perjury; to testify by affirmation.
Found on page(s): [51]

knife - knife, Definition(s): n.: An instrument consisting of a thin blade usually of steel and having a sharp edge for cutting fastened to a handle but of many different forms and names for different uses; as table knife drawing knife putty knife pallet knife pocketknife penknife chopping knife etc..; n.: A sword or dagger.; v. t.: To prune with the knife.; v. t.: To cut or stab with a knife.
Found on page(s): [20, 26]

anything. - anything., Definition(s): n.: Any object act state event or fact whatever; thing of any kind; something or other; aught; as I would not do it for anything.; n.: Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like.; adv.: In any measure; anywise; at all.
Found on page(s): [68, 70, 105]

piece - piece, Definition(s): n.: A fragment or part of anything separated from the whole in any manner as by cutting splitting breaking or tearing; a part; a portion; as a piece of sugar; to break in pieces.; n.: A definite portion or quantity as of goods or work; as a piece of broadcloth; a piece of wall paper.; n.: A literary or artistic composition; as a piece of poetry music or statuary.; n.: A musket gun or cannon; as a battery of six pieces; a following piece.; n.: A coin; as a sixpenny piece; -- formerly applied specifically to an English gold coin worth 22 shillings.; n.: A fact; an item; as a piece of news; a piece of knowledge.; n.: An individual; -- applied to a person as being of a certain nature or quality; often but not always used slightingly or in contempt.; n.: One of the superior men distinguished from a pawn.; n.: A castle; a fortified building.; v. t.: To make enlarge or repair by the addition of a piece or pieces; to patch; as to piece a garment; -- often with out.; v. t.: To unite; to join; to combine.; v. i.: To unite by a coalescence of parts; to fit together; to join.
Found on page(s): [105]

firstly, - firstly,, Definition(s): adv.: In the first place; before anything else; -- sometimes improperly used for first.
Found on page(s): [3, 72]

acquisition. - acquisition., Definition(s): n.: The act or process of acquiring.; n.: The thing acquired or gained; an acquirement; a gain; as learning is an acquisition.
Found on page(s): [4]

carry - carry, Definition(s): v. t.: To convey or transport in any manner from one place to another; to bear; -- often with away or off.; v. t.: To have or hold as a burden while moving from place to place; to have upon or about one's person; to bear; as to carry a wound; to carry an unborn child.; v. t.: To move; to convey by force; to impel; to conduct; to lead or guide.; v. t.: To transfer from one place (as a country book or column) to another; as to carry the war from Greece into Asia; to carry an account to the ledger; to carry a number in adding figures.; v. t.: To convey by extension or continuance; to extend; as to carry the chimney through the roof; to carry a road ten miles farther.; v. t.: To bear or uphold successfully through conflict as a leader or principle; hence to succeed in as in a contest; to bring to a successful issue; to win; as to carry an election.; v. t.: To get possession of by force; to capture.; v. t.: To contain; to comprise; to bear the aspect of ; to show or exhibit; to imply.; v. t.: To bear (one's self); to behave to conduct or demean; -- with the reflexive pronouns.; v. t.: To bear the charges or burden of holding or having as stocks merchandise etc. from one time to another; as a merchant is carrying a large stock; a farm carries a mortgage; a broker carries stock for a customer; to carry a life insurance.; v. i.: To act as a bearer; to convey anything; as to fetch and carry.; v. i.: To have propulsive power; to propel; as a gun or mortar carries well.; v. i.: To hold the head; -- said of a horse; as to carry well i. e. to hold the head high with arching neck.; v. i.: To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running as a hare.; n.: A tract of land over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a carrying place; a portage.
Found on page(s): [11, 70, 97, 102]

arose - arose, Definition(s): : The past or preterit tense of Arise.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 33, 49, 57, 70, 80, 95, 107]

potter, - potter,, Definition(s): n.: One whose occupation is to make earthen vessels.; n.: One who hawks crockery or earthenware.; n.: One who pots meats or other eatables.; n.: The red-bellied terrapin. See Terrapin.; v. i.: To busy one's self with trifles; to labor with little purpose energy of effect; to trifle; to pother.; v. i.: To walk lazily or idly; to saunter.; v. t.: To poke; to push; also to disturb; to confuse; to bother.
Found on page(s): [23]

discriminating. - discriminating., Definition(s): a.: Marking a difference; distinguishing.
Found on page(s): [70]

necessity - necessity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being necessary unavoidable or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.; n.: The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want.; n.: That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion physical or moral; fate; fatality.; n.: The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena whether material or spiritual to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
Found on page(s): [3, 26, 34, 40, 63, 67, 80]

Bolognese, - Bolognese,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Bologna.; n.: A native of Bologna.
Found on page(s): [55]

acquisition, - acquisition,, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of acquiring.; n.: The thing acquired or gained; an acquirement; a gain; as learning is an acquisition.
Found on page(s): [13, 21]

lamentable - lamentable, Definition(s): a.: Mourning; sorrowful; expressing grief; as a lamentable countenance.; a.: Fitted to awaken lament; to be lamented; sorrowful; pitiable; as a lamentable misfortune or error.; a.: Miserable; pitiful; paltry; -- in a contemptuous or ridiculous sense.
Found on page(s): [41]

fox - fox, Definition(s): n.: A carnivorous animal of the genus Vulpes family Canidae of many species. The European fox (V. vulgaris or V. vulpes) the American red fox (V. fulvus) the American gray fox (V. Virginianus) and the arctic white or blue fox (V. lagopus) are well-known species.; n.: The European dragonet.; n.: The fox shark or thrasher shark; -- called also sea fox. See Thrasher shark under Shark.; n.: A sly cunning fellow.; n.: Rope yarn twisted together and rubbed with tar; -- used for seizings or mats.; n.: A sword; -- so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox.; n.: A tribe of Indians which with the Sacs formerly occupied the region about Green Bay Wisconsin; -- called also Outagamies.; n.: To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink.; n.: To make sour as beer by causing it to ferment.; n.: To repair the feet of as of boots with new front upper leather or to piece the upper fronts of.; v. i.: To turn sour; -- said of beer etc. when it sours in fermenting.
Found on page(s): [51, 58]

burden - burden, Definition(s): n.: That which is borne or carried; a load.; n.: That which is borne with labor or difficulty; that which is grievous wearisome or oppressive.; n.: The capacity of a vessel or the weight of cargo that she will carry; as a ship of a hundred tons burden.; n.: The tops or heads of stream-work which lie over the stream of tin.; n.: The proportion of ore and flux to fuel in the charge of a blast furnace.; n.: A fixed quantity of certain commodities; as a burden of gad steel 120 pounds.; n.: A birth.; v. t.: To encumber with weight (literal or figurative); to lay a heavy load upon; to load.; v. t.: To oppress with anything grievous or trying; to overload; as to burden a nation with taxes.; v. t.: To impose as a load or burden; to lay or place as a burden (something heavy or objectionable).; n.: The verse repeated in a song or the return of the theme at the end of each stanza; the chorus; refrain. Hence: That which is often repeated or which is dwelt upon; the main topic; as the burden of a prayer.; n.: The drone of a bagpipe.; n.: A club.
Found on page(s): [4]

nose?" - nose?", Definition(s): n.: The prominent part of the face or anterior extremity of the head containing the nostrils and olfactory cavities; the olfactory organ. See Nostril and Olfactory organ under Olfactory.; n.: The power of smelling; hence scent.; n.: A projecting end or beak at the front of an object; a snout; a nozzle; a spout; as the nose of a bellows; the nose of a teakettle.; v. t.: To smell; to scent; hence to track or trace out.; v. t.: To touch with the nose; to push the nose into or against; hence to interfere with; to treat insolently.; v. t.: To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang; as to nose a prayer.; v. i.: To smell; to sniff; to scent.; v. i.: To pry officiously into what does not concern one.
Found on page(s): [106]

excellent, - excellent,, Definition(s): a.: Excelling; surpassing others in some good quality or the sum of qualities; of great worth; eminent in a good sense; superior; as an excellent man artist citizen husband discourse book song etc.; excellent breeding principles aims action.; a.: Superior in kind or degree irrespective of moral quality; -- used with words of a bad significance.; adv.: Excellently; eminently; exceedingly.
Found on page(s): [69]

perhaps - perhaps, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Found on page(s): [73]

fatherland - fatherland, Definition(s): n.: One's native land; the native land of one's fathers or ancestors.
Found on page(s): [99]

sanction - sanction, Definition(s): n.: Solemn or ceremonious ratification; an official act of a superior by which he ratifies and gives validity to the act of some other person or body; establishment or furtherance of anything by giving authority to it; confirmation; approbation.; n.: Anything done or said to enforce the will law or authority of another; as legal sanctions.; v. t.: To give sanction to; to ratify; to confirm; to approve.
Found on page(s): [52]

skill - skill, Definition(s): n.: Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.; n.: Knowledge; understanding.; n.: The familiar knowledge of any art or science united with readiness and dexterity in execution or performance or in the application of the art or science to practical purposes; power to discern and execute; ability to perceive and perform; expertness; aptitude; as the skill of a mathematician physician surgeon mechanic etc.; n.: Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address.; n.: Any particular art.; v. t.: To know; to understand.; v. i.: To be knowing; to have understanding; to be dexterous in performance.; v. i.: To make a difference; to signify; to matter; -- used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [43, 66]

CONCERNING - CONCERNING, Definition(s): prep.: Pertaining to; regarding; having relation to; respecting; as regards.; a.: Important.; n.: That in which one is concerned or interested; concern; affair; interest.; n.: Importance; moment; consequence.; n.: Concern; participation; interposition.; n.: Emotion of mind; solicitude; anxiety.
Found on page(s): [3, 13, 14, 17, 23, 27, 30, 31, 33, 38, 44, 45, 47, 50, 69]

trouble - trouble, Definition(s): v. t.: To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate.; v. t.: To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex.; v. t.: To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as I will not trouble you to deliver the letter.; a.: Troubled; dark; gloomy.; v. t.: The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity.; v. t.: That which gives disturbance annoyance or vexation; that which afflicts.; v. t.: A fault or interruption in a stratum.
Found on page(s): [6, 17, 18, 34, 46, 64, 67, 81, 97, 105]

proverb - proverb, Definition(s): n.: An old and common saying; a phrase which is often repeated; especially a sentence which briefly and forcibly expresses some practical truth or the result of experience and observation; a maxim; a saw; an adage.; n.: A striking or paradoxical assertion; an obscure saying; an enigma; a parable.; n.: A familiar illustration; a subject of contemptuous reference.; n.: A drama exemplifying a proverb.; v. t.: To name in or as a proverb.; v. t.: To provide with a proverb.; v. i.: To write or utter proverbs.
Found on page(s): [29]

prosperity - prosperity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being prosperous; advance or gain in anything good or desirable; successful progress in any business or enterprise; attainment of the object desired; good fortune; success; as commercial prosperity; national prosperity.
Found on page(s): [28]

bow-shot - bow-shot, Definition(s): n.: The distance traversed by an arrow shot from a bow.
Found on page(s): [83]

"King - "King, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [9, 35]

contrary - contrary, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [8, 12, 35, 52, 56]

contend - contend, Definition(s): v. i.: To strive in opposition; to contest; to dispute; to vie; to quarrel; to fight.; v. i.: To struggle or exert one's self to obtain or retain possession of or to defend.; v. i.: To strive in debate; to engage in discussion; to dispute; to argue.; v. t.: To struggle for; to contest.
Found on page(s): [54]

Ferrara, - Ferrara,, Definition(s): n.: A sword bearing the mark of one of the Ferrara family of Italy. These swords were highly esteemed in England and Scotland in the 16th and 17th centuries.
Found on page(s): [3, 8, 39]

thence - thence, Definition(s): adv.: From that place.; adv.: From that time; thenceforth; thereafter.; adv.: For that reason; therefore.; adv.: Not there; elsewhere; absent.
Found on page(s): [80, 82, 90, 97, 99]

Philistine - Philistine, Definition(s): n.: A native or an inhabitant of ancient Philistia a coast region of southern Palestine.; n.: A bailiff.; n.: A person deficient in liberal culture and refinement; one without appreciation of the nobler aspirations and sentiments of humanity; one whose scope is limited to selfish and material interests.; a.: Of or pertaining to the Philistines.; a.: Uncultured; commonplace.
Found on page(s): [40]

counter - counter, Definition(s): adv.: A prefix meaning contrary opposite in opposition; as counteract counterbalance countercheck. See Counter adv. & a.; v. t.: One who counts or reckons up; a calculator; a reckoner.; v. t.: A piece of metal ivory wood or bone used in reckoning in keeping account of games etc.; v. t.: Money; coin; -- used in contempt.; v. t.: A prison; either of two prisons formerly in London.; v. t.: A telltale; a contrivance attached to an engine printing press or other machine for the purpose of counting the revolutions or the pulsations.; v. t.: A table or board on which money is counted and over which business is transacted; a long narrow table or bench on which goods are laid for examination by purchasers or on which they are weighed or measured.; adv.: Contrary; in opposition; in an opposite direction; contrariwise; -- used chiefly with run or go.; adv.: In the wrong way; contrary to the right course; as a hound that runs counter.; adv.: At or against the front or face.; a.: Contrary; opposite; contrasted; opposed; adverse; antagonistic; as a counter current; a counter revolution; a counter poison; a counter agent; counter fugue.; adv.: The after part of a vessel's body from the water line to the stern -- below and somewhat forward of the stern proper.; adv.: Same as Contra. Formerly used to designate any under part which served for contrast to a principal part but now used as equivalent to counter tenor.; adv.: The breast or that part of a horse between the shoulders and under the neck.; adv.: The back leather or heel part of a boot.; n.: An encounter.; v. i.: To return a blow while receiving one as in boxing.
Found on page(s): [9]

Although - Although, Definition(s): conj.: Grant all this; be it that; supposing that; notwithstanding; though.
Found on page(s): [23, 76, 96]

kept - kept, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Keep.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 8, 9, 18, 32, 33, 44, 53, 57, 58, 60, 62, 66, 69, 71, 82, 84, 85, 91, 96, 97]

rash - rash, Definition(s): v. t.: To pull off or pluck violently.; v. t.: To slash; to hack; to cut; to slice.; n.: A fine eruption or efflorescence on the body with little or no elevation.; n.: An inferior kind of silk or mixture of silk and worsted.; superl.: Sudden in action; quick; hasty.; superl.: Requiring sudden action; pressing; urgent.; superl.: Esp. overhasty in counsel or action; precipitate; resolving or entering on a project or measure without due deliberation and caution; opposed to prudent; said of persons; as a rash statesman or commander.; superl.: Uttered or undertaken with too much haste or too little reflection; as rash words; rash measures.; superl.: So dry as to fall out of the ear with handling as corn.; v. t.: To prepare with haste.
Found on page(s): [32, 39, 55, 59]

provision, - provision,, Definition(s): n.: The act of providing or making previous preparation.; n.: That which is provided or prepared; that which is brought together or arranged in advance; measures taken beforehand; preparation.; n.: Especially a stock of food; any kind of eatables collected or stored; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which is stipulated in advance; a condition; a previous agreement; a proviso; as the provisions of a contract; the statute has many provisions.; n.: A canonical term for regular induction into a benefice comprehending nomination collation and installation.; n.: A nomination by the pope to a benefice before it became vacant depriving the patron of his right of presentation.; v. t.: To supply with food; to victual; as to provision a garrison.
Found on page(s): [74]

inquirer, - inquirer,, Definition(s): n.: One who inquires or examines; questioner; investigator.
Found on page(s): [71]

gate - gate, Definition(s): n.: A large door or passageway in the wall of a city of an inclosed field or place or of a grand edifice etc.; also the movable structure of timber metal etc. by which the passage can be closed.; n.: An opening for passage in any inclosing wall fence or barrier; or the suspended framework which closes or opens a passage. Also figuratively a means or way of entrance or of exit.; n.: A door valve or other device for stopping the passage of water through a dam lock pipe etc.; n.: The places which command the entrances or access; hence place of vantage; power; might.; n.: In a lock tumbler the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into.; n.: The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mold; the ingate.; n.: The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece.; v. t.: To supply with a gate.; v. t.: To punish by requiring to be within the gates at an earlier hour than usual.; n.: A way; a path; a road; a street (as in Highgate).; n.: Manner; gait.
Found on page(s): [83, 89, 102]

fort - fort, Definition(s): n.: A strong or fortified place; usually a small fortified place occupied only by troops surrounded with a ditch rampart and parapet or with palisades stockades or other means of defense; a fortification.
Found on page(s): [92]

beheld - beheld, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Behold.
Found on page(s): [87]

giver, - giver,, Definition(s): n.: One who gives; a donor; a bestower; a grantor; one who imparts or distributes.
Found on page(s): [47]

changeable, - changeable,, Definition(s): a.: Capable of change; subject to alteration; mutable; variable; fickle; inconstant; as a changeable humor.; a.: Appearing different as in color in different lights or under different circumstances; as changeable silk.
Found on page(s): [31]

contemplate - contemplate, Definition(s): v. t.: To look at on all sides or in all its bearings; to view or consider with continued attention; to regard with deliberate care; to meditate on; to study.; v. t.: To consider or have in view as contingent or probable; to look forward to; to purpose; to intend.; v. i.: To consider or think studiously; to ponder; to reflect; to muse; to meditate.
Found on page(s): [1, 2]

helpless, - helpless,, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of help or strength; unable to help or defend one's self; needing help; feeble; weak; as a helpless infant.; a.: Beyond help; irremediable.; a.: Bringing no help; unaiding.; a.: Unsupplied; destitute; -- with of.
Found on page(s): [78]

easily - easily, Definition(s): adv.: With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as this task may be easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen.; adv.: Without pain anxiety or disturbance; as to pass life well and easily.; adv.: Readily; without reluctance; willingly.; adv.: Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without /umult or discord.; adv.: Without shaking or jolting; commodiously; as a carriage moves easily.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 8, 12, 13, 28, 40, 42, 43, 54, 63, 103]

Catholic," - Catholic,", Definition(s): a.: Universal or general; as the catholic faith.; a.: Not narrow-minded partial or bigoted; liberal; as catholic tastes.; a.: Of or pertaining to or affecting the Roman Catholics; as the Catholic emancipation act.; n.: A person who accepts the creeds which are received in common by all parts of the orthodox Christian church.; n.: An adherent of the Roman Catholic church; a Roman Catholic.
Found on page(s): [39]

chamber, - chamber,, Definition(s): n.: A retired room esp. an upper room used for sleeping; a bedroom; as the house had four chambers.; n.: Apartments in a lodging house.; n.: A hall as where a king gives audience or a deliberative body or assembly meets; as presence chamber; senate chamber.; n.: A legislative or judicial body; an assembly; a society or association; as the Chamber of Deputies; the Chamber of Commerce.; n.: A compartment or cell; an inclosed space or cavity; as the chamber of a canal lock; the chamber of a furnace; the chamber of the eye.; n.: A room or rooms where a lawyer transacts business; a room or rooms where a judge transacts such official business as may be done out of court.; n.: A chamber pot.; n.: That part of the bore of a piece of ordnance which holds the charge esp. when of different diameter from the rest of the bore; -- formerly in guns made smaller than the bore but now larger esp. in breech-loading guns.; n.: A cavity in a mine usually of a cubical form to contain the powder.; n.: A short piece of ordnance or cannon which stood on its breech without any carriage formerly used chiefly for rejoicings and theatrical cannonades.; v. i.: To reside in or occupy a chamber or chambers.; v. i.: To be lascivious.; v. t.: To shut up as in a chamber.; v. t.: To furnish with a chamber; as to chamber a gun.
Found on page(s): [25, 84]

burnt - burnt, Definition(s): : of Burn.; p. p. & a.: Consumed with or as with fire; scorched or dried as with fire or heat; baked or hardened in the fire or the sun.
Found on page(s): [31]

likely - likely, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of belief; probable; credible; as a likely story.; a.: Having probability; having or giving reason to expect; -- followed by the infinitive; as it is likely to rain.; a.: Similar; like; alike.; a.: Such as suits; good-looking; pleasing; agreeable; handsome.; a.: Having such qualities as make success probable; well adapted to the place; promising; as a likely young man; a likely servant.; adv.: In all probability; probably.
Found on page(s): [99]

Don - Don, Definition(s): n.: Sir; Mr; Signior; -- a title in Spain formerly given to noblemen and gentlemen only but now common to all classes.; n.: A grand personage or one making pretension to consequence; especially the head of a college or one of the fellows at the English universities.; v. t.: To put on; to dress in; to invest one's self with.
Found on page(s): [83, 84]

il - il, Definition(s): : A form of the prefix in- not and in- among. See In-.
Found on page(s): [79]

lower - lower, Definition(s): a.: Compar. of Low a.; a.: To let descend by its own weight as something suspended; to let down; as to lower a bucket into a well; to lower a sail or a boat; sometimes to pull down; as to lower a flag.; a.: To reduce the height of; as to lower a fence or wall; to lower a chimney or turret.; a.: To depress as to direction; as to lower the aim of a gun; to make less elevated as to object; as to lower one's ambition aspirations or hopes.; a.: To reduce the degree intensity strength etc. of; as to lower the temperature of anything; to lower one's vitality; to lower distilled liquors.; a.: To bring down; to humble; as to lower one's pride.; a.: To reduce in value amount etc. ; as to lower the price of goods the rate of interest etc.; v. i.: To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease; as the river lowered as rapidly as it rose.; v. i.: To be dark gloomy and threatening as clouds; to be covered with dark and threatening clouds as the sky; to show threatening signs of approach as a tempest.; v. i.: To frown; to look sullen.; n.: Cloudiness; gloominess.; n.: A frowning; sullenness.
Found on page(s): [2, 32, 38, 101]

verb - verb, Definition(s): n.: A word; a vocable.; n.: A word which affirms or predicates something of some person or thing; a part of speech expressing being action or the suffering of action.
Found on page(s): [68]

Centaur - Centaur, Definition(s): n.: A fabulous being represented as half man and half horse.; n.: A constellation in the southern heavens between Hydra and the Southern Cross.
Found on page(s): [50]

audacity - audacity, Definition(s): n.: Daring spirit resolution or confidence; venturesomeness.; n.: Reckless daring; presumptuous impudence; -- implying a contempt of law or moral restraints.
Found on page(s): [76]

Observing - Observing, Definition(s): a.: Giving particular attention; habitually attentive to what passes; as an observing person; an observing mind.
Found on page(s): [90]

imperilled - imperilled, Definition(s): : of Imperil.
Found on page(s): [46]

lively - lively, Definition(s): superl.: Endowed with or manifesting life; living.; superl.: Brisk; vivacious; active; as a lively youth.; superl.: Gay; airy; animated; spirited.; superl.: Representing life; lifelike.; superl.: Bright; vivid; glowing; strong; vigorous.; adv.: In a brisk active or animated manner; briskly; vigorously.; adv.: With strong resemblance of life.
Found on page(s): [22]

gave - gave, Definition(s): : imp. of Give.
Found on page(s): [16, 20, 25, 38, 49, 55, 60, 81, 87, 88, 94, 95, 98, 99, 105]

extraordinarily - extraordinarily, Definition(s): adv.: In an extraordinary manner or degree.
Found on page(s): [77]

malignity - malignity, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being malignant; disposition to do evil; virulent enmity; malignancy; malice; spite.; n.: Virulence; deadly quality.; n.: Extreme evilness of nature or influence; perniciousness; heinousness; as the malignity of fraud.
Found on page(s): [2, 18]

attack. - attack., Definition(s): v. t.: To fall upon with force; to assail as with force and arms; to assault.; v. t.: To assail with unfriendly speech or writing; to begin a controversy with; to attempt to overthrow or bring into disrepute by criticism or satire; to censure; as to attack a man or his opinions in a pamphlet.; v. t.: To set to work upon as upon a task or problem or some object of labor or investigation.; v. t.: To begin to affect; to begin to act upon injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.; v. i.: To make an onset or attack.; n.: The act of attacking or falling on with force or violence; an onset; an assault; -- opposed to defense.; n.: An assault upon one's feelings or reputation with unfriendly or bitter words.; n.: A setting to work upon some task etc.; n.: An access of disease; a fit of sickness.; n.: The beginning of corrosive decomposing or destructive action by a chemical agent.
Found on page(s): [19, 64]

peril - peril, Definition(s): n.: Danger; risk; hazard; jeopardy; exposure of person or property to injury loss or destruction.; v. t.: To expose to danger; to hazard; to risk; as to peril one's life.; v. i.: To be in danger.
Found on page(s): [29, 39, 41]

attack, - attack,, Definition(s): v. t.: To fall upon with force; to assail as with force and arms; to assault.; v. t.: To assail with unfriendly speech or writing; to begin a controversy with; to attempt to overthrow or bring into disrepute by criticism or satire; to censure; as to attack a man or his opinions in a pamphlet.; v. t.: To set to work upon as upon a task or problem or some object of labor or investigation.; v. t.: To begin to affect; to begin to act upon injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.; v. i.: To make an onset or attack.; n.: The act of attacking or falling on with force or violence; an onset; an assault; -- opposed to defense.; n.: An assault upon one's feelings or reputation with unfriendly or bitter words.; n.: A setting to work upon some task etc.; n.: An access of disease; a fit of sickness.; n.: The beginning of corrosive decomposing or destructive action by a chemical agent.
Found on page(s): [54, 78, 91, 98]

ability - ability, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being able; power to perform whether physical moral intellectual conventional or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength skill resources etc.; -- in the plural faculty talent.
Found on page(s): [13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 23, 32, 76, 84]

belief - belief, Definition(s): n.: Assent to a proposition or affirmation or the acceptance of a fact opinion or assertion as real or true without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as belief of a witness; the belief of our senses.; n.: A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith.; n.: The thing believed; the object of belief.; n.: A tenet or the body of tenets held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
Found on page(s): [96]

delight - delight, Definition(s): v. t.: A high degree of gratification of mind; a high- wrought state of pleasurable feeling; lively pleasure; extreme satisfaction; joy.; v. t.: That which gives great pleasure or delight.; v. t.: Licentious pleasure; lust.; v. t.: To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly; as a beautiful landscape delights the eye; harmony delights the ear.; v. i.: To have or take great delight or pleasure; to be greatly pleased or rejoiced; -- followed by an infinitive or by in.
Found on page(s): [86, 103]

proficient - proficient, Definition(s): n.: One who has made considerable advances in any business art science or branch of learning; an expert; an adept; as proficient in a trade; a proficient in mathematics music etc.
Found on page(s): [68]

Tuscan - Tuscan, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Tuscany in Italy; -- specifically designating one of the five orders of architecture recognized and described by the Italian writers of the 16th century or characteristic of the order. The original of this order was not used by the Greeks but by the Romans under the Empire. See Order and Illust. of Capital.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Tuscany.
Found on page(s): [45, 93]

knew - knew, Definition(s): imp.: of Know.
Found on page(s): [7, 19, 20, 21, 50, 57, 58, 69, 72, 76, 98, 100, 105]

draw - draw, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to move continuously by force applied in advance of the thing moved; to pull along; to haul; to drag; to cause to follow.; v. t.: To influence to move or tend toward one's self; to exercise an attracting force upon; to call towards itself; to attract; hence to entice; to allure; to induce.; v. t.: To cause to come out for one's use or benefit; to extract; to educe; to bring forth; as: (a) To bring or take out or to let out from some receptacle as a stick or post from a hole water from a cask or well etc.; v. t.: To pull from a sheath as a sword.; v. t.: To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive.; v. t.: To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive.; v. t.: To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund or the like; as to draw money from a bank.; v. t.: To take from a box or wheel as a lottery ticket; to receive from a lottery by the drawing out of the numbers for prizes or blanks; hence to obtain by good fortune; to win; to gain; as he drew a prize.; v. t.: To select by the drawing of lots.; v. t.: To drain by emptying; to suck dry.; v. t.: To extract the bowels of; to eviscerate; as to draw a fowl; to hang draw and quarter a criminal.; v. t.: To take into the lungs; to inhale; to inspire; hence also to utter or produce by an inhalation; to heave.; v. t.: To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch; to extend as a mass of metal into wire.; v. t.: To run extend or produce as a line on any surface; hence also to form by marking; to make by an instrument of delineation; to produce as a sketch figure or picture.; v. t.: To represent by lines drawn; to form a sketch or a picture of; to represent by a picture; to delineate; hence to represent by words; to depict; to describe.; v. t.: To write in due form; to prepare a draught of; as to draw a memorial a deed or bill of exchange.; v. t.: To require (so great a depth as of water) for floating; -- said of a vessel; to sink so deep in (water); as a ship draws ten feet of water.; v. t.: To withdraw.; v. t.: To trace by scent; to track; -- a hunting term.; v. i.: To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling; as a horse draws well; the sails of a ship draw well.; v. i.: To draw a liquid from some receptacle as water from a well.; v. i.: To exert an attractive force; to act as an inducement or enticement.; v. i.: To have efficiency as an epispastic; to act as a sinapism; -- said of a blister poultice etc.; v. i.: To have draught as a chimney flue or the like; to furnish transmission to smoke gases etc.; v. i.: To unsheathe a weapon especially a sword.; v. i.: To perform the act or practice the art of delineation; to sketch; to form figures or pictures.; v. i.: To become contracted; to shrink.; v. i.: To move; to come or go; literally to draw one's self; -- with prepositions and adverbs; as to draw away to move off esp. in racing to get in front; to obtain the lead or increase it; to draw back to retreat; to draw level to move up even (with another); to come up to or overtake another; to draw off to retire or retreat; to draw on to advance; to draw up to form in array; to draw near nigh or towards to approach; to draw together to come together to collect.; v. i.: To make a draft or written demand for payment of money deposited or due; -- usually with on or upon.; v. i.: To admit the action of pulling or dragging; to undergo draught; as a carriage draws easily.; v. i.: To sink in water; to require a depth for floating.; n.: The act of drawing; draught.; n.: A lot or chance to be drawn.; n.: A drawn game or battle etc.; n.: That part of a bridge which may be raised swung round or drawn aside; the movable part of a drawbridge. See the Note under Drawbridge.
Found on page(s): [1, 46, 56, 93]

instrumentality - instrumentality, Definition(s): n.: The quality or condition of being instrumental; that which is instrumental; anything used as a means; medium; agency.
Found on page(s): [33]

craft. - craft., Definition(s): n.: Strength; might; secret power.; n.: Art or skill; dexterity in particular manual employment; hence the occupation or employment itself; manual art; a trade.; n.: Those engaged in any trade taken collectively; a guild; as the craft of ironmongers.; n.: Cunning art or skill in a bad sense or applied to bad purposes; artifice; guile; skill or dexterity employed to effect purposes by deceit or shrewd devices.; n.: A vessel; vessels of any kind; -- generally used in a collective sense.; v. t.: To play tricks; to practice artifice.
Found on page(s): [50]

clearing - clearing, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of making clear.; n.: A tract of land cleared of wood for cultivation.; n.: A method adopted by banks and bankers for making an exchange of checks held by each against the others and settling differences of accounts.; n.: The gross amount of the balances adjusted in the clearing house.
Found on page(s): [66]

generally - generally, Definition(s): adv.: In general; commonly; extensively though not universally; most frequently.; adv.: In a general way or in general relation; in the main; upon the whole; comprehensively.; adv.: Collectively; as a whole; without omissions.
Found on page(s): [34, 53, 67, 68]

craft, - craft,, Definition(s): n.: Strength; might; secret power.; n.: Art or skill; dexterity in particular manual employment; hence the occupation or employment itself; manual art; a trade.; n.: Those engaged in any trade taken collectively; a guild; as the craft of ironmongers.; n.: Cunning art or skill in a bad sense or applied to bad purposes; artifice; guile; skill or dexterity employed to effect purposes by deceit or shrewd devices.; n.: A vessel; vessels of any kind; -- generally used in a collective sense.; v. t.: To play tricks; to practice artifice.
Found on page(s): [50]

scheme: - scheme:, Definition(s): n.: A combination of things connected and adjusted by design; a system.; n.: A plan or theory something to be done; a design; a project; as to form a scheme.; n.: Any lineal or mathematical diagram; an outline.; n.: A representation of the aspects of the celestial bodies for any moment or at a given event.; v. t.: To make a scheme of; to plan; to design; to project; to plot.; v. i.: To form a scheme or schemes.
Found on page(s): [52]

changeful - changeful, Definition(s): a.: Full of change; mutable; inconstant; fickle; uncertain.
Found on page(s): [75]

disposition - disposition, Definition(s): n.: The act of disposing arranging ordering regulating or transferring; application; disposal; as the disposition of a man's property by will.; n.: The state or the manner of being disposed or arranged; distribution; arrangement; order; as the disposition of the trees in an orchard; the disposition of the several parts of an edifice.; n.: Tendency to any action or state resulting from natural constitution; nature; quality; as a disposition in plants to grow in a direction upward; a disposition in bodies to putrefaction.; n.: Conscious inclination; propension or propensity.; n.: Natural or prevailing spirit or temperament of mind especially as shown in intercourse with one's fellow-men; temper of mind.; n.: Mood; humor.
Found on page(s): [74]

lapse. - lapse., Definition(s): n.: A gliding slipping or gradual falling; an unobserved or imperceptible progress or passing away; -- restricted usually to immaterial things or to figurative uses.; n.: A slip; an error; a fault; a failing in duty; a slight deviation from truth or rectitude.; n.: The termination of a right or privilege through neglect to exercise it within the limited time or through failure of some contingency; hence the devolution of a right or privilege.; n.: A fall or apostasy.; v. i.: To pass slowly and smoothly downward backward or away; to slip downward backward or away; to glide; -- mostly restricted to figurative uses.; v. i.: To slide or slip in moral conduct; to fail in duty; to fall from virtue; to deviate from rectitude; to commit a fault by inadvertence or mistake.; v. i.: To fall or pass from one proprietor to another or from the original destination by the omission negligence or failure of some one as a patron a legatee etc.; v. i.: To become ineffectual or void; to fall.; v. t.: To let slip; to permit to devolve on another; to allow to pass.; v. t.: To surprise in a fault or error; hence to surprise or catch as an offender.
Found on page(s): [49]

fox; - fox;, Definition(s): n.: A carnivorous animal of the genus Vulpes family Canidae of many species. The European fox (V. vulgaris or V. vulpes) the American red fox (V. fulvus) the American gray fox (V. Virginianus) and the arctic white or blue fox (V. lagopus) are well-known species.; n.: The European dragonet.; n.: The fox shark or thrasher shark; -- called also sea fox. See Thrasher shark under Shark.; n.: A sly cunning fellow.; n.: Rope yarn twisted together and rubbed with tar; -- used for seizings or mats.; n.: A sword; -- so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox.; n.: A tribe of Indians which with the Sacs formerly occupied the region about Green Bay Wisconsin; -- called also Outagamies.; n.: To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink.; n.: To make sour as beer by causing it to ferment.; n.: To repair the feet of as of boots with new front upper leather or to piece the upper fronts of.; v. i.: To turn sour; -- said of beer etc. when it sours in fermenting.
Found on page(s): [59]

conscious - conscious, Definition(s): a.: Possessing the faculty of knowing one's own thoughts or mental operations.; a.: Possessing knowledge whether by internal conscious experience or by external observation; cognizant; aware; sensible.; a.: Made the object of consciousness; known to one's self; as conscious guilt.
Found on page(s): [84]

genera - genera, Definition(s): n. pl.: See Genus.
Found on page(s): [51]

terrible; - terrible;, Definition(s): a.: Adapted or likely to excite terror awe or dread; dreadful; formidable.; a.: Excessive; extreme; severe.
Found on page(s): [101]

sea, - sea,, Definition(s): n.: One of the larger bodies of salt water less than an ocean found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank generally forming part of or connecting with an ocean or a larger sea; as the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea.; n.: An inland body of water esp. if large or if salt or brackish; as the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes a small fresh-water lake; as the Sea of Galilee.; n.: The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe.; n.: The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also a single wave; a billow; as there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea.; n.: A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size.; n.: Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness; as a sea of glory.
Found on page(s): [106]

ruling - ruling, Definition(s): a.: Predominant; chief; reigning; controlling; as a ruling passion; a ruling sovereign.; a.: Used in marking or engraving lines; as a ruling machine or pen.; n.: The act of one who rules; ruled lines.; n.: A decision or rule of a judge or a court especially an oral decision as in excluding evidence.
Found on page(s): [5, 6]

edge - edge, Definition(s): v. t.: The thin cutting side of the blade of an instrument; as the edge of an ax knife sword or scythe. Hence figuratively that which cuts as an edge does or wounds deeply etc.; v. t.: Any sharp terminating border; a margin; a brink; extreme verge; as the edge of a table a precipice.; v. t.: Sharpness; readiness of fitness to cut; keenness; intenseness of desire.; v. t.: The border or part adjacent to the line of division; the beginning or early part; as in the edge of evening.; v. t.: To furnish with an edge as a tool or weapon; to sharpen.; v. t.: To shape or dress the edge of as with a tool.; v. t.: To furnish with a fringe or border; as to edge a dress; to edge a garden with box.; v. t.: To make sharp or keen figuratively; to incite; to exasperate; to goad; to urge or egg on.; v. t.: To move by little and little or cautiously as by pressing forward edgewise; as edging their chairs forwards.; v. i.: To move sideways; to move gradually; as edge along this way.; v. i.: To sail close to the wind.
Found on page(s): [55]

Empire. - Empire., Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [71]

prosperity, - prosperity,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being prosperous; advance or gain in anything good or desirable; successful progress in any business or enterprise; attainment of the object desired; good fortune; success; as commercial prosperity; national prosperity.
Found on page(s): [20]

prosperity. - prosperity., Definition(s): n.: The state of being prosperous; advance or gain in anything good or desirable; successful progress in any business or enterprise; attainment of the object desired; good fortune; success; as commercial prosperity; national prosperity.
Found on page(s): [45]

sufficient - sufficient, Definition(s): a.: Equal to the end proposed; adequate to wants; enough; ample; competent; as provision sufficient for the family; an army sufficient to defend the country.; a.: Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit.; a.: Capable of meeting obligations; responsible.; a.: Self-sufficient; self-satisfied; content.
Found on page(s): [3, 7, 29, 30, 34, 49, 57, 61, 62, 102, 107]

Duchy - Duchy, Definition(s): n.: The territory or dominions of a duke; a dukedom.
Found on page(s): [10, 19, 20]

rash, - rash,, Definition(s): v. t.: To pull off or pluck violently.; v. t.: To slash; to hack; to cut; to slice.; n.: A fine eruption or efflorescence on the body with little or no elevation.; n.: An inferior kind of silk or mixture of silk and worsted.; superl.: Sudden in action; quick; hasty.; superl.: Requiring sudden action; pressing; urgent.; superl.: Esp. overhasty in counsel or action; precipitate; resolving or entering on a project or measure without due deliberation and caution; opposed to prudent; said of persons; as a rash statesman or commander.; superl.: Uttered or undertaken with too much haste or too little reflection; as rash words; rash measures.; superl.: So dry as to fall out of the ear with handling as corn.; v. t.: To prepare with haste.
Found on page(s): [91]

"correspondence" - "correspondence", Definition(s): n.: Friendly intercourse; reciprocal exchange of civilities; especially intercourse between persons by means of letters.; n.: The letters which pass between correspondents.; n.: Mutual adaptation relation or agreement of one thing to another; agreement; congruity; fitness; relation.
Found on page(s): [17]

"regimental - "regimental, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to or concerning a regiment; as regimental officers clothing.
Found on page(s): [68]

parricide, - parricide,, Definition(s): n.: Properly one who murders one's own father; in a wider sense one who murders one's father or mother or any ancestor.; n.: The act or crime of murdering one's own father or any ancestor.
Found on page(s): [26]

foothold - foothold, Definition(s): n.: A holding with the feet; firm standing; that on which one may tread or rest securely; footing.
Found on page(s): [8, 9]

lance - lance, Definition(s): n.: A weapon of war consisting of a long shaft or handle and a steel blade or head; a spear carried by horsemen and often decorated with a small flag; also a spear or harpoon used by whalers and fishermen.; n.: A soldier armed with a lance; a lancer.; n.: A small iron rod which suspends the core of the mold in casting a shell.; n.: An instrument which conveys the charge of a piece of ordnance and forces it home.; n.: One of the small paper cases filled with combustible composition which mark the outlines of a figure.; v. t.: To pierce with a lance or with any similar weapon.; v. t.: To open with a lancet; to pierce; as to lance a vein or an abscess.; v. t.: To throw in the manner of a lance. See Lanch.
Found on page(s): [101]

Milanese, - Milanese,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Milan in Italy or to its inhabitants.; n. sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Milan; people of Milan.
Found on page(s): [36]

unconquerable - unconquerable, Definition(s): a.: Not conquerable; indomitable.
Found on page(s): [41]

feeling - feeling, Definition(s): a.: Possessing great sensibility; easily affected or moved; as a feeling heart.; a.: Expressive of great sensibility; attended by or evincing sensibility; as he made a feeling representation of his wrongs.; n.: The sense by which the mind through certain nerves of the body perceives external objects or certain states of the body itself; that one of the five senses which resides in the general nerves of sensation distributed over the body especially in its surface; the sense of touch; nervous sensibility to external objects.; n.: An act or state of perception by the sense above described; an act of apprehending any object whatever; an act or state of apprehending the state of the soul itself; consciousness.; n.: The capacity of the soul for emotional states; a high degree of susceptibility to emotions or states of the sensibility not dependent on the body; as a man of feeling; a man destitute of feeling.; n.: Any state or condition of emotion; the exercise of the capacity for emotion; any mental state whatever; as a right or a wrong feeling in the heart; our angry or kindly feelings; a feeling of pride or of humility.; n.: That quality of a work of art which embodies the mental emotion of the artist and is calculated to affect similarly the spectator.
Found on page(s): [4]

expansion - expansion, Definition(s): n.: The act of expanding or spreading out; the condition of being expanded; dilation; enlargement.; n.: That which is expanded; expanse; extend surface; as the expansion of a sheet or of a lake; the expansion was formed of metal.; n.: Space through which anything is expanded; also pure space.; n.: Enlargement or extension of business transactions; esp. increase of the circulation of bank notes.; n.: The developed result of an indicated operation; as the expansion of (a + b)2 is a2 + 2ab + b2.; n.: The operation of steam in a cylinder after its communication with the boiler has been cut off by which it continues to exert pressure upon the moving piston.; n.: The enlargement of the ship mathematically from a model or drawing to the full or building size in the process of construction.
Found on page(s): [36]

headquarters - headquarters, Definition(s): n. sing.: The quarters or place of residence of any chief officer as the general in command of an army or the head of a police force; the place from which orders or instructions are issued; hence the center of authority or order.
Found on page(s): [89]

squander - squander, Definition(s): v. t.: To scatter; to disperse.; v. t.: To spend lavishly or profusely; to spend prodigally or wastefully; to use without economy or judgment; to dissipate; as to squander an estate.; v. i.: To spend lavishly; to be wasteful.; v. i.: To wander at random; to scatter.; n.: The act of squandering; waste.
Found on page(s): [47]

magistrate - magistrate, Definition(s): n.: A person clothed with power as a public civil officer; a public civil officer invested with the executive government or some branch of it.
Found on page(s): [25]

noble - noble, Definition(s): superl.: Possessing eminence elevation dignity etc.; above whatever is low mean degrading or dishonorable; magnanimous; as a noble nature or action; a noble heart.; superl.: Grand; stately; magnificent; splendid; as a noble edifice.; superl.: Of exalted rank; of or pertaining to the nobility; distinguished from the masses by birth station or title; highborn; as noble blood; a noble personage.; n.: A person of rank above a commoner; a nobleman; a peer.; n.: An English money of account and formerly a gold coin of the value of 6 s. 8 d. sterling or about $1.61.; n.: A European fish; the lyrie.; v. t.: To make noble; to ennoble.
Found on page(s): [86, 99]

retrieve - retrieve, Definition(s): v. t.: To find again; to recover; to regain; to restore from loss or injury; as to retrieve one's character; to retrieve independence.; v. t.: To recall; to bring back.; v. t.: To remedy the evil consequence of to repair as a loss or damadge.; v. i.: To discover and bring in game that has been killed or wounded; as a dog naturally inclined to retrieve.; n.: A seeking again; a discovery.; n.: The recovery of game once sprung; -- an old sporting term.
Found on page(s): [102]

commencement, - commencement,, Definition(s): n.: The first existence of anything; act or fact of commencing; rise; origin; beginning; start.; n.: The day when degrees are conferred by colleges and universities upon students and others.
Found on page(s): [26]

displace - displace, Definition(s): v. t.: To change the place of; to remove from the usual or proper place; to put out of place; to place in another situation; as the books in the library are all displaced.; v. t.: To crowd out; to take the place of.; v. t.: To remove from a state office dignity or employment; to discharge; to depose; as to displace an officer of the revenue.; v. t.: To dislodge; to drive away; to banish.
Found on page(s): [97]

odious, - odious,, Definition(s): a.: Hateful; deserving or receiving hatred; as an odious name system vice.; a.: Causing or provoking hatred repugnance or disgust; offensive; disagreeable; repulsive; as an odious sight; an odious smell.
Found on page(s): [20, 31]

lowly - lowly, Definition(s): a.: Not high; not elevated in place; low.; a.: Low in rank or social importance.; a.: Not lofty or sublime; humble.; a.: Having a low esteem of one's own worth; humble; meek; free from pride.; adv.: In a low manner; humbly; meekly; modestly.; adv.: In a low condition; meanly.
Found on page(s): [86]

violence; - violence;, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force.; n.: Injury done to that which is entitled to respect reverence or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault.; n.: Ravishment; rape; constupration.; v. t.: To assault; to injure; also to bring by violence; to compel.
Found on page(s): [20]

careful - careful, Definition(s): a.: Full of care; anxious; solicitous.; a.: Filling with care or solicitude; exposing to concern anxiety or trouble; painful.; a.: Taking care; giving good heed; watchful; cautious; provident; not indifferent heedless or reckless; -- often followed by of for or the infinitive; as careful of money; careful to do right.
Found on page(s): [59, 70]

unready - unready, Definition(s): a.: Not ready or prepared; not prompt; slow; awkward; clumsy.; a.: Not dressed; undressed.; v. t.: To undress.
Found on page(s): [97]

heal - heal, Definition(s): v. t.: To cover as a roof with tiles slate lead or the like.; v. t.: To make hale sound or whole; to cure of a disease wound or other derangement; to restore to soundness or health.; v. t.: To remove or subdue; to cause to pass away; to cure; -- said of a disease or a wound.; v. t.: To restore to original purity or integrity.; v. t.: To reconcile as a breach or difference; to make whole; to free from guilt; as to heal dissensions.; v. i.: To grow sound; to return to a sound state; as the limb heals or the wound heals; -- sometimes with up or over; as it will heal up or over.; v. t.: Health.
Found on page(s): [76]

incensed, - incensed,, Definition(s): a.: Angered; enraged.; a.: Represented as enraged as any wild creature depicted with fire issuing from mouth and eyes.
Found on page(s): [91]

artfully - artfully, Definition(s): adv.: In an artful manner; with art or cunning; skillfully; dexterously; craftily.
Found on page(s): [25]

ditch, - ditch,, Definition(s): n.: A trench made in the earth by digging particularly a trench for draining wet land for guarding or fencing inclosures or for preventing an approach to a town or fortress. In the latter sense it is called also a moat or a fosse.; n.: Any long narrow receptacle for water on the surface of the earth.; v. t.: To dig a ditch or ditches in; to drain by a ditch or ditches; as to ditch moist land.; v. t.: To surround with a ditch.; v. t.: To throw into a ditch; as the engine was ditched and turned on its side.; v. i.: To dig a ditch or ditches.
Found on page(s): [38]

fight - fight, Definition(s): v. i.: To strive or contend for victory with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat subdue or destroy an enemy either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against.; v. i.: To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance.; v. t.: To carry on or wage as a conflict or battle; to win or gain by struggle as one's way; to sustain by fighting as a cause.; v. t.: To contend with in battle; to war against; as they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours.; v. t.: To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight; as to fight cocks; to fight one's ship.; v. i.: A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory between individuals or between armies ships or navies etc.; v. i.: A struggle or contest of any kind.; v. i.: Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity; as he has a great deal of fight in him.; v. i.: A screen for the combatants in ships.
Found on page(s): [7, 24, 36, 40, 41, 42, 49, 67, 90, 95, 100]

hear - hear, Definition(s): v. t.: To perceive by the ear; to apprehend or take cognizance of by the ear; as to hear sounds; to hear a voice; to hear one call.; v. t.: To give audience or attention to; to listen to; to heed; to accept the doctrines or advice of; to obey; to examine; to try in a judicial court; as to hear a recitation; to hear a class; the case will be heard to-morrow.; v. t.: To attend or be present at as hearer or worshiper; as to hear a concert; to hear Mass.; v. t.: To give attention to as a teacher or judge.; v. t.: To accede to the demand or wishes of; to listen to and answer favorably; to favor.; v. i.: To have the sense or faculty of perceiving sound.; v. i.: To use the power of perceiving sound; to perceive or apprehend by the ear; to attend; to listen.; v. i.: To be informed by oral communication; to be told; to receive information by report or by letter.
Found on page(s): [88, 91, 94]

recover - recover, Definition(s): v. t.: To cover again.; v. t.: To get or obtain again; to get renewed possession of; to win back; to regain.; v. t.: To make good by reparation; to make up for; to retrieve; to repair the loss or injury of; as to recover lost time.; v. t.: To restore from sickness faintness or the like; to bring back to life or health; to cure; to heal.; v. t.: To overcome; to get the better of -- as a state of mind or body.; v. t.: To rescue; to deliver.; v. t.: To gain by motion or effort; to obtain; to reach; to come to.; v. t.: To gain as a compensation; to obtain in return for injury or debt; as to recover damages in trespass; to recover debt and costs in a suit at law; to obtain title to by judgement in a court of law; as to recover lands in ejectment or common recovery; to gain by legal process; as to recover judgement against a defendant.; v. i.: To regain health after sickness; to grow well; to be restored or cured; hence to regain a former state or condition after misfortune alarm etc.; -- often followed by of or from; as to recover from a state of poverty; to recover from fright.; v. i.: To make one's way; to come; to arrive.; v. i.: To obtain a judgement; to succeed in a lawsuit; as the plaintiff has recovered in his suit.; n.: Recovery.
Found on page(s): [65, 75, 93]

ox - ox, Definition(s): n.: The male of bovine quadrupeds especially the domestic animal when castrated and grown to its full size or nearly so. The word is also applied as a general name to any species of bovine animals male and female.
Found on page(s): [105]

Duke - Duke, Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 8, 18, 19, 32, 33, 36, 37, 42, 64, 67, 72, 79, 80, 82, 83, 84, 85]

pusillanimity - pusillanimity, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being pusillanimous; weakness of spirit; cowardliness.
Found on page(s): [28]

whilst - whilst, Definition(s): adv.: While.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 11, 16, 22, 28, 34, 37, 45, 47, 48, 49, 57, 67, 77, 81, 90, 96, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 104, 106]

confer - confer, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring together for comparison; to compare.; v. t.: To grant as a possession; to bestow.; v. t.: To contribute; to conduce.; v. i.: To have discourse; to consult; to compare views; to deliberate.
Found on page(s): [20, 31, 79]

unmake - unmake, Definition(s): v. t.: To destroy the form and qualities of; to deprive of being; to uncreate.
Found on page(s): [28]

drew - drew, Definition(s): imp.: of Draw.
Found on page(s): [75, 81, 90]

incessantly - incessantly, Definition(s): adv.: Unceasingly; continually.
Found on page(s): [43]

Christian - Christian, Definition(s): n.: One who believes or professes or is assumed to believe in Jesus Christ and the truth as taught by Him; especially one whose inward and outward life is conformed to the doctrines of Christ.; n.: One born in a Christian country or of Christian parents and who has not definitely becomes an adherent of an opposing system.; n.: One of a Christian denomination which rejects human creeds as bases of fellowship and sectarian names. They are congregational in church government and baptize by immersion. They are also called Disciples of Christ and Campbellites.; n.: One of a sect (called Christian Connection) of open-communion immersionists. The Bible is their only authoritative rule of faith and practice.; a.: Pertaining to Christ or his religion; as Christian people.; a.: Pertaining to the church; ecclesiastical; as a Christian court.; a.: Characteristic of Christian people; civilized; kind; kindly; gentle; beneficent.
Found on page(s): [61]

skilful, - skilful,, Definition(s): a.: See Skilful.
Found on page(s): [35]

obsequies - obsequies, Definition(s): n.pl.: See Obsequy.
Found on page(s): [104]

conspirator, - conspirator,, Definition(s): n.: One who engages in a conspiracy; a plotter.
Found on page(s): [55]

Paris - Paris, Definition(s): n.: A plant common in Europe (Paris quadrifolia); herb Paris; truelove. It has been used as a narcotic.; n.: The chief city of France.
Found on page(s): [89]

inexperienced - inexperienced, Definition(s): a.: Not having experience unskilled.
Found on page(s): [71]

effeminate, - effeminate,, Definition(s): a.: Having some characteristic of a woman as delicacy luxuriousness etc.; soft or delicate to an unmanly degree; womanish; weak.; a.: Womanlike; womanly; tender; -- in a good sense.; v. t.: To make womanish; to make soft and delicate; to weaken.; v. i.: To grow womanish or weak.
Found on page(s): [54]

readily - readily, Definition(s): adv.: In a ready manner; quickly; promptly.; adv.: Without delay or objection; without reluctance; willingly; cheerfully.
Found on page(s): [15, 57, 94]

splendid - splendid, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or displaying splendor; shining; very bright; as a splendid sun.; a.: Showy; magnificent; sumptuous; pompous; as a splendid palace; a splendid procession or pageant.; a.: Illustrious; heroic; brilliant; celebrated; famous; as a splendid victory or reputation.
Found on page(s): [105]

discipline - discipline, Definition(s): n.: The treatment suited to a disciple or learner; education; development of the faculties by instruction and exercise; training whether physical mental or moral.; n.: Training to act in accordance with established rules; accustoming to systematic and regular action; drill.; n.: Subjection to rule; submissiveness to order and control; habit of obedience.; n.: Severe training corrective of faults; instruction by means of misfortune suffering punishment etc.; n.: Correction; chastisement; punishment inflicted by way of correction and training.; n.: The subject matter of instruction; a branch of knowledge.; n.: The enforcement of methods of correction against one guilty of ecclesiastical offenses; reformatory or penal action toward a church member.; n.: Self-inflicted and voluntary corporal punishment as penance or otherwise; specifically a penitential scourge.; n.: A system of essential rules and duties; as the Romish or Anglican discipline.; v. t.: To educate; to develop by instruction and exercise; to train.; v. t.: To accustom to regular and systematic action; to bring under control so as to act systematically; to train to act together under orders; to teach subordination to; to form a habit of obedience in; to drill.; v. t.: To improve by corrective and penal methods; to chastise; to correct.; v. t.: To inflict ecclesiastical censures and penalties upon.
Found on page(s): [85]

avaricious - avaricious, Definition(s): a.: Actuated by avarice; greedy of gain; immoderately desirous of accumulating property.
Found on page(s): [45, 105]

expedient - expedient, Definition(s): a.: Hastening or forward; hence tending to further or promote a proposed object; fit or proper under the circumstances; conducive to self-interest; desirable; advisable; advantageous; -- sometimes contradistinguished from right.; a.: Quick; expeditious.; n.: That which serves to promote or advance; suitable means to accomplish an end.; n.: Means devised in an exigency; shift.
Found on page(s): [90]

soul, - soul,, Definition(s): a.: Sole.; a.: Sole.; v. i.: To afford suitable sustenance.; n.: The seat of real life or vitality; the source of action; the animating or essential part.; n.: The leader; the inspirer; the moving spirit; the heart; as the soul of an enterprise; an able general is the soul of his army.; n.: Energy; courage; spirit; fervor; affection or any other noble manifestation of the heart or moral nature; inherent power or goodness.; n.: A human being; a person; -- a familiar appellation usually with a qualifying epithet; as poor soul.; n.: A pure or disembodied spirit.; v. t.: To indue with a soul; to furnish with a soul or mind.
Found on page(s): [56, 106]

speaking - speaking, Definition(s): a.: Uttering speech; used for conveying speech; as man is a speaking animal; a speaking tube.; a.: Seeming to be capable of speech; hence lifelike; as a speaking likeness.
Found on page(s): [14, 23, 25, 70, 104, 106]

effeminate; - effeminate;, Definition(s): a.: Having some characteristic of a woman as delicacy luxuriousness etc.; soft or delicate to an unmanly degree; womanish; weak.; a.: Womanlike; womanly; tender; -- in a good sense.; v. t.: To make womanish; to make soft and delicate; to weaken.; v. i.: To grow womanish or weak.
Found on page(s): [62]

province - province, Definition(s): n.: A country or region more or less remote from the city of Rome brought under the Roman government; a conquered country beyond the limits of Italy.; n.: A country or region dependent on a distant authority; a portion of an empire or state esp. one remote from the capital.; n.: A region of country; a tract; a district.; n.: A region under the supervision or direction of any special person; the district or division of a country especially an ecclesiastical division over which one has jurisdiction; as the province of Canterbury or that in which the archbishop of Canterbury exercises ecclesiastical authority.; n.: The proper or appropriate business or duty of a person or body; office; charge; jurisdiction; sphere.; n.: Specif.: Any political division of the Dominion of Canada having a governor a local legislature and representation in the Dominion parliament. Hence colloquially The Provinces the Dominion of Canada.
Found on page(s): [4, 62]

brave; - brave;, Definition(s): superl.: Bold; courageous; daring; intrepid; -- opposed to cowardly; as a brave man; a brave act.; superl.: Having any sort of superiority or excellence; -- especially such as in conspicuous.; superl.: Making a fine show or display.; n.: A brave person; one who is daring.; n.: Specifically an Indian warrior.; n.: A man daring beyond discretion; a bully.; n.: A challenge; a defiance; bravado.; v. t.: To encounter with courage and fortitude; to set at defiance; to defy; to dare.; v. t.: To adorn; to make fine or showy.
Found on page(s): [45]

inevitably - inevitably, Definition(s): adv.: Without possibility of escape or evasion; unavoidably; certainly.
Found on page(s): [52]

clever - clever, Definition(s): a.: Possessing quickness of intellect skill dexterity talent or adroitness; expert.; a.: Showing skill or adroitness in the doer or former; as a clever speech; a clever trick.; a.: Having fitness propriety or suitableness.; a.: Well-shaped; handsome.; a.: Good-natured; obliging.
Found on page(s): [14, 69]

fight, - fight,, Definition(s): v. i.: To strive or contend for victory with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat subdue or destroy an enemy either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against.; v. i.: To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance.; v. t.: To carry on or wage as a conflict or battle; to win or gain by struggle as one's way; to sustain by fighting as a cause.; v. t.: To contend with in battle; to war against; as they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours.; v. t.: To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight; as to fight cocks; to fight one's ship.; v. i.: A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory between individuals or between armies ships or navies etc.; v. i.: A struggle or contest of any kind.; v. i.: Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity; as he has a great deal of fight in him.; v. i.: A screen for the combatants in ships.
Found on page(s): [79, 99, 101]

proposal - proposal, Definition(s): n.: That which is proposed or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage.; n.: The offer by a party of what he has in view as to an intended business transaction which with acceptance constitutes a contract.
Found on page(s): [94]

thee - thee, Definition(s): a.: To thrive; to prosper.; pron.: The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Found on page(s): [103, 105]

ancient - ancient, Definition(s): a.: Old; that happened or existed in former times usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past; specifically applied to the times before the fall of the Roman empire; -- opposed to modern; as ancient authors literature history; ancient days.; a.: Old; that has been of long duration; of long standing; of great age; as an ancient forest; an ancient castle.; a.: Known for a long time or from early times; -- opposed to recent or new; as the ancient continent.; a.: Dignified like an aged man; magisterial; venerable.; a.: Experienced; versed.; a.: Former; sometime.; n.: Those who lived in former ages as opposed to the moderns.; n.: An aged man; a patriarch. Hence: A governor; a ruler; a person of influence.; n.: A senior; an elder; a predecessor.; n.: One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery.; n.: An ensign or flag.; n.: The bearer of a flag; an ensign.
Found on page(s): [4, 11, 13, 31, 35, 39, 50, 61, 64, 72]

seat - seat, Definition(s): n.: The place or thing upon which one sits; hence; anything made to be sat in or upon as a chair bench stool saddle or the like.; n.: The place occupied by anything or where any person or thing is situated resides or abides; a site; an abode a station; a post; a situation.; n.: That part of a thing on which a person sits; as the seat of a chair or saddle; the seat of a pair of pantaloons.; n.: A sitting; a right to sit; regular or appropriate place of sitting; as a seat in a church; a seat for the season in the opera house.; n.: Posture or way of sitting on horseback.; n.: A part or surface on which another part or surface rests; as a valve seat.; v. t.: To place on a seat; to cause to sit down; as to seat one's self.; v. t.: To cause to occupy a post site situation or the like; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.; v. t.: To assign a seat to or the seats of; to give a sitting to; as to seat a church or persons in a church.; v. t.: To fix; to set firm.; v. t.: To settle; to plant with inhabitants; as to seat a country.; v. t.: To put a seat or bottom in; as to seat a chair.; v. i.: To rest; to lie down.
Found on page(s): [74, 97, 105]

adopt - adopt, Definition(s): v. t.: To take by choice into relationship as child heir friend citizen etc.; esp. to take voluntarily (a child of other parents) to be in the place of or as one's own child.; v. t.: To take or receive as one's own what is not so naturally; to select and take or approve; as to adopt the view or policy of another; these resolutions were adopted.
Found on page(s): [29, 50]

twelve - twelve, Definition(s): a.: One more that eleven; two and ten; twice six; a dozen.; n.: The number next following eleven; the sum of ten and two or of twice six; twelve units or objects; a dozen.; n.: A symbol representing twelve units as 12 or xii.
Found on page(s): [61, 96]

oppose - oppose, Definition(s): n.: To place in front of or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit.; n.: To put in opposition with a view to counterbalance or countervail; to set against; to offer antagonistically.; n.: To resist or antagonize by physical means or by arguments etc.; to contend against; to confront; to resist; to withstand; as to oppose the king in battle; to oppose a bill in Congress.; n.: To compete with; to strive against; as to oppose a rival for a prize.; v. i.: To be set opposite.; v. i.: To act adversely or in opposition; -- with against or to; as a servant opposed against the act.; v. i.: To make objection or opposition in controversy.
Found on page(s): [19, 39, 53, 78]

bridge - bridge, Definition(s): n.: A structure usually of wood stone brick or iron erected over a river or other water course or over a chasm railroad etc. to make a passageway from one bank to the other.; n.: Anything supported at the ends which serves to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned as in engraving watchmaking etc. or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed.; n.: The small arch or bar at right angles to the strings of a violin guitar etc. serving of raise them and transmit their vibrations to the body of the instrument.; n.: A device to measure the resistance of a wire or other conductor forming part of an electric circuit.; n.: A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace for deflecting flame etc.; -- usually called a bridge wall.; v. t.: To build a bridge or bridges on or over; as to bridge a river.; v. t.: To open or make a passage as by a bridge.; v. t.: To find a way of getting over as a difficulty; -- generally with over.
Found on page(s): [80, 83, 84]

seek - seek, Definition(s): a.: Sick.; v. t.: To go in search of; to look for; to search for; to try to find.; v. t.: To inquire for; to ask for; to solicit; to bessech.; v. t.: To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at; as to seek wealth or fame; to seek one's life.; v. t.: To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to.; v. i.: To make search or inquiry: to endeavor to make discovery.
Found on page(s): [21, 28, 72, 80]

seen - seen, Definition(s): : p. p. of See.; a.: Versed; skilled; accomplished.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 10, 18, 22, 24, 30, 34, 36, 37, 40, 42, 46, 47, 64, 72, 74, 75, 76, 87, 101, 104, 105, 107]

eighteenth - eighteenth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the seventeenth.; a.: Consisting of one of eighteen equal parts or divisions of a thing.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by eighteen; one of eighteen equal parts or divisions.; n.: The eighth after the tenth.
Found on page(s): [88]

FORTUNE - FORTUNE, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [17, 73]

seem - seem, Definition(s): a.: To appear or to appear to be; to have a show or semblance; to present an appearance; to look; to strike one's apprehension or fancy as being; to be taken as.; v. t.: To befit; to beseem.
Found on page(s): [31]

oppress - oppress, Definition(s): v. t.: To impose excessive burdens upon; to overload; hence to treat with unjust rigor or with cruelty.; v. t.: To ravish; to violate.; v. t.: To put down; to crush out; to suppress.; v. t.: To produce a sensation of weight in (some part of the body); as my lungs are oppressed by the damp air; excess of food oppresses the stomach.
Found on page(s): [27]

si - si, Definition(s): : A syllable applied in solmization to the note B; more recently to the seventh tone of any major diatonic scale. It was added to Guido's scale by Le Maire about the end of the 17th century.
Found on page(s): [51]

persist - persist, Definition(s): v. i.: To stand firm; to be fixed and unmoved; to stay; to continue steadfastly; especially to continue fixed in a course of conduct against opposing motives; to persevere; -- sometimes conveying an unfavorable notion as of doggedness or obstinacy.
Found on page(s): [97]

insolence - insolence, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being unusual or novel.; n.: The quality of being insolent; pride or haughtiness manifested in contemptuous and overbearing treatment of others; arrogant contempt; brutal impudence.; n.: Insolent conduct or treatment; insult.; v. t.: To insult.
Found on page(s): [49, 57, 73, 90]

aid, - aid,, Definition(s): v. t.: To support either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist.; v. t.: Help; succor; assistance; relief.; v. t.: The person or thing that promotes or helps in something done; a helper; an assistant.; v. t.: A subsidy granted to the king by Parliament; also an exchequer loan.; v. t.: A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his lord on special occasions.; v. t.: An aid-de-camp so called by abbreviation; as a general's aid.
Found on page(s): [21]

caution - caution, Definition(s): n.: A careful attention to the probable effects of an act in order that failure or harm may be avoided; prudence in regard to danger; provident care; wariness.; n.: Security; guaranty; bail.; n.: Precept or warning against evil of any kind; exhortation to wariness; advice; injunction.; v. t.: To give notice of danger to; to warn; to exhort [one] to take heed.
Found on page(s): [74]

willingness, - willingness,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being willing; free choice or consent of the will; freedom from reluctance; readiness of the mind to do or forbear.
Found on page(s): [77]

necessary - necessary, Definition(s): a.: Such as must be; impossible to be otherwise; not to be avoided; inevitable.; a.: Impossible to be otherwise or to be dispensed with without preventing the attainment of a desired result; indispensable; requiste; essential.; a.: Acting from necessity or compulsion; involuntary; -- opposed to free; as whether man is a necessary or a free agent is a question much discussed.; n.: A thing that is necessary or indispensable to some purpose; something that one can not do without; a requisite; an essential; -- used chiefly in the plural; as the necessaries of life.; n.: A privy; a water-closet.; n.: Such things in respect to infants lunatics and married women as are requisite for support suitable to station.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 9, 12, 15, 16, 20, 22, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 34, 35, 43, 44, 45, 46, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 56, 58, 60, 61, 62, 64, 73, 75, 76, 78, 88]

righteous - righteous, Definition(s): a.: Doing or according with that which is right; yielding to all their due; just; equitable; especially free from wrong guilt or sin; holy; as a righteous man or act; a righteous retribution.
Found on page(s): [27]

decision - decision, Definition(s): n.: Cutting off; division; detachment of a part.; n.: The act of deciding; act of settling or terminating as a controversy by giving judgment on the matter at issue; determination as of a question or doubt; settlement; conclusion.; n.: An account or report of a conclusion especially of a legal adjudication or judicial determination of a question or cause; as a decision of arbitrators; a decision of the Supreme Court.; n.: The quality of being decided; prompt and fixed determination; unwavering firmness; as to manifest great decision.
Found on page(s): [62]

singly - singly, Definition(s): adv.: Individually; particularly; severally; as to make men singly and personally good.; adv.: Only; by one's self; alone.; adv.: Without partners companions or associates; single-handed; as to attack another singly.; adv.: Honestly; sincerely; simply.; adv.: Singularly; peculiarly.
Found on page(s): [78]

dismantle - dismantle, Definition(s): v. t.: To strip or deprive of dress; to divest.; v. t.: To strip of furniture and equipments guns etc.; to unrig; to strip of walls or outworks; to break down; as to dismantle a fort a town or a ship.; v. t.: To disable; to render useless.
Found on page(s): [13]

pull - pull, Definition(s): v. t.: To draw or attempt to draw toward one; to draw forcibly.; v. t.: To draw apart; to tear; to rend.; v. t.: To gather with the hand or by drawing toward one; to pluck; as to pull fruit; to pull flax; to pull a finch.; v. t.: To move or operate by the motion of drawing towards one; as to pull a bell; to pull an oar.; v. t.: To hold back and so prevent from winning; as the favorite was pulled.; v. t.: To take or make as a proof or impression; -- hand presses being worked by pulling a lever.; v. t.: To strike the ball in a particular manner. See Pull n. 8.; v. i.: To exert one's self in an act or motion of drawing or hauling; to tug; as to pull at a rope.; n.: The act of pulling or drawing with force; an effort to move something by drawing toward one.; n.: A contest; a struggle; as a wrestling pull.; n.: A pluck; loss or violence suffered.; n.: A knob handle or lever etc. by which anything is pulled; as a drawer pull; a bell pull.; n.: The act of rowing; as a pull on the river.; n.: The act of drinking; as to take a pull at the beer or the mug.; n.: Something in one's favor in a comparison or a contest; an advantage; means of influencing; as in weights the favorite had the pull.; n.: A kind of stroke by which a leg ball is sent to the off side or an off ball to the side.
Found on page(s): [97]

expense. - expense., Definition(s): n.: A spending or consuming; disbursement; expenditure.; n.: That which is expended laid out or consumed; cost; outlay; charge; -- sometimes with the notion of loss or damage to those on whom the expense falls; as the expenses of war; an expense of time.; n.: Loss.
Found on page(s): [78]

purpose. - purpose., Definition(s): n.: That which a person sets before himself as an object to be reached or accomplished; the end or aim to which the view is directed in any plan measure or exertion; view; aim; design; intention; plan.; n.: Proposal to another; discourse.; n.: Instance; example.; v. t.: To set forth; to bring forward.; v. t.: To propose as an aim to one's self; to determine upon as some end or object to be accomplished; to intend; to design; to resolve; -- often followed by an infinitive or dependent clause.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention; to discourse.
Found on page(s): [88]

birth, - birth,, Definition(s): n.: The act or fact of coming into life or of being born; -- generally applied to human beings; as the birth of a son.; n.: Lineage; extraction; descent; sometimes high birth; noble extraction.; n.: The condition to which a person is born; natural state or position; inherited disposition or tendency.; n.: The act of bringing forth; as she had two children at a birth.; n.: That which is born; that which is produced whether animal or vegetable.; n.: Origin; beginning; as the birth of an empire.; n.: See Berth.
Found on page(s): [15, 86]

Sixth - Sixth, Definition(s): a.: First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth.; a.: Constituting or being one of six equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by six; one of six equal parts which form a whole.; n.: The next in order after the fifth.; n.: The interval embracing six diatonic degrees of the scale.
Found on page(s): [33, 51]

assist - assist, Definition(s): v. t.: To give support to in some undertaking or effort or in time of distress; to help; to aid; to succor.; v. i.: To lend aid; to help.; v. i.: To be present as a spectator; as to assist at a public meeting.
Found on page(s): [10, 11, 63, 64, 65, 67, 88, 98, 103]

blacksmith, - blacksmith,, Definition(s): n.: A smith who works in iron with a forge and makes iron utensils horseshoes etc.; n.: A fish of the Pacific coast (Chromis / Heliastes punctipinnis) of a blackish color.
Found on page(s): [55]

"Perhaps - "Perhaps, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Found on page(s): [106]

disadvantageous; - disadvantageous;, Definition(s): a.: Attended with disadvantage; unfavorable to success or prosperity; inconvenient; prejudicial; -- opposed to advantageous; as the situation of an army is disadvantageous for attack or defense.
Found on page(s): [39]

separate - separate, Definition(s): v. t.: To disunite; to divide; to disconnect; to sever; to part in any manner.; v. t.: To come between; to keep apart by occupying the space between; to lie between; as the Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Africa.; v. t.: To set apart; to select from among others as for a special use or service.; v. i.: To part; to become disunited; to be disconnected; to withdraw from one another; as the family separated.; p. a.: Divided from another or others; disjoined; disconnected; separated; -- said of things once connected.; p. a.: Unconnected; not united or associated; distinct; -- said of things that have not been connected.; p. a.: Disunited from the body; disembodied; as a separate spirit; the separate state of souls.
Found on page(s): [81]

reconciliation, - reconciliation,, Definition(s): n.: The act of reconciling or the state of being reconciled; reconcilenment; restoration to harmony; renewal of friendship.; n.: Reduction to congruence or consistency; removal of inconsistency; harmony.
Found on page(s): [81, 82]

reasonable - reasonable, Definition(s): n.: Having the faculty of reason; endued with reason; rational; as a reasonable being.; n.: Governed by reason; being under the influence of reason; thinking speaking or acting rationally or according to the dictates of reason; agreeable to reason; just; rational; as the measure must satisfy all reasonable men.; n.: Not excessive or immoderate; within due limits; proper; as a reasonable demand amount price.; adv.: Reasonably; tolerably.
Found on page(s): [3, 9, 10, 11, 17, 42]

willing - willing, Definition(s): v. t.: Free to do or to grant; having the mind inclined; not opposed in mind; not choosing to refuse; disposed; not averse; desirous; consenting; complying; ready.; v. t.: Received of choice or without reluctance; submitted to voluntarily; chosen; desired.; v. t.: Spontaneous; self-moved.
Found on page(s): [19, 20, 34, 39, 40, 57, 59, 76, 77, 82, 95, 104, 105]

reconciliation. - reconciliation., Definition(s): n.: The act of reconciling or the state of being reconciled; reconcilenment; restoration to harmony; renewal of friendship.; n.: Reduction to congruence or consistency; removal of inconsistency; harmony.
Found on page(s): [81]

sincerity - sincerity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being sincere; honesty of mind or intention; freedom from simulation hypocrisy disguise or false pretense; sincereness.
Found on page(s): [82]

biting - biting, Definition(s): a.: That bites; sharp; cutting; sarcastic; caustic.
Found on page(s): [104]

lie, - lie,, Definition(s): n.: See Lye.; n.: A falsehood uttered or acted for the purpose of deception; an intentional violation of truth; an untruth spoken with the intention to deceive.; n.: A fiction; a fable; an untruth.; n.: Anything which misleads or disappoints.; v. i.: To utter falsehood with an intention to deceive; to say or do that which is intended to deceive another when he a right to know the truth or when morality requires a just representation.; adj.: To rest extended on the ground a bed or any support; to be or to put one's self in an horizontal position or nearly so; to be prostate; to be stretched out; -- often with down when predicated of living creatures; as the book lies on the table; the snow lies on the roof; he lies in his coffin.; adj.: To be situated; to occupy a certain place; as Ireland lies west of England; the meadows lie along the river; the ship lay in port.; adj.: To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition; as to lie waste; to lie fallow; to lie open; to lie hid; to lie grieving; to lie under one's displeasure; to lie at the mercy of the waves; the paper does not lie smooth on the wall.; adj.: To be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist; -- with in.; adj.: To lodge; to sleep.; adj.: To be still or quiet like one lying down to rest.; adj.: To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.; n.: The position or way in which anything lies; the lay as of land or country.
Found on page(s): [43]

fidelity" - fidelity", Definition(s): n.: Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty or discharge of obligations.; n.: Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.; n.: Adherence to the marriage contract.; n.: Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Found on page(s): [52]

sprang - sprang, Definition(s): : imp. of Spring.
Found on page(s): [105]

military - military, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to soldiers to arms or to war; belonging to engaged in or appropriate to the affairs of war; as a military parade; military discipline; military bravery; military conduct; military renown.; a.: Performed or made by soldiers; as a military election; a military expedition.; n.: The whole body of soldiers; soldiery; militia; troops; the army.
Found on page(s): [23, 24, 25, 30, 38, 41, 49, 66, 77]

unreliable, - unreliable,, Definition(s): a.: Not reliable; untrustworthy. See Reliable.
Found on page(s): [103]

usual - usual, Definition(s): n.: Such as is in common use; such as occurs in ordinary practice or in the ordinary course of events; customary; ordinary; habitual; common.
Found on page(s): [6, 25, 35, 86, 105]

fidelity, - fidelity,, Definition(s): n.: Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty or discharge of obligations.; n.: Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.; n.: Adherence to the marriage contract.; n.: Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Found on page(s): [63]

scruple - scruple, Definition(s): n.: A weight of twenty grains; the third part of a dram.; n.: Hence a very small quantity; a particle.; n.: Hesitation as to action from the difficulty of determining what is right or expedient; unwillingness doubt or hesitation proceeding from motives of conscience.; v. i.: To be reluctant or to hesitate as regards an action on account of considerations of conscience or expedience.; v. t.: To regard with suspicion; to hesitate at; to question.; v. t.: To excite scruples in; to cause to scruple.
Found on page(s): [48]

remarkable - remarkable, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of being remarked or noticed; noticeable; conspicuous; hence uncommon; extraordinary.
Found on page(s): [45, 66, 78]

cavalry - cavalry, Definition(s): n.: That part of military force which serves on horseback.
Found on page(s): [5, 61, 78, 81, 83, 84, 90, 94, 97, 98, 100, 101]

valiant - valiant, Definition(s): a.: Vigorous in body; strong; powerful; as a valiant fencer.; a.: Intrepid in danger; courageous; brave.; a.: Performed with valor or bravery; heroic.
Found on page(s): [34, 36, 59, 90, 102]

knot - knot, Definition(s): n.: A fastening together of the pars or ends of one or more threads cords ropes etc. by any one of various ways of tying or entangling.; n.: A lump or loop formed in a thread cord rope. etc. as at the end by tying or interweaving it upon itself.; n.: An ornamental tie as of a ribbon.; n.: A bond of union; a connection; a tie.; n.: Something not easily solved; an intricacy; a difficulty; a perplexity; a problem.; n.: A figure the lines of which are interlaced or intricately interwoven as in embroidery gardening etc.; n.: A cluster of persons or things; a collection; a group; a hand; a clique; as a knot of politicians.; n.: A portion of a branch of a tree that forms a mass of woody fiber running at an angle with the grain of the main stock and making a hard place in the timber. A loose knot is generally the remains of a dead branch of a tree covered by later woody growth.; n.: A knob lump swelling or protuberance.; n.: A protuberant joint in a plant.; n.: The point on which the action of a story depends; the gist of a matter.; n.: See Node.; n.: A division of the log line serving to measure the rate of the vessel's motion. Each knot on the line bears the same proportion to a mile that thirty seconds do to an hour. The number of knots which run off from the reel in half a minute therefore shows the number of miles the vessel sails in an hour.; n.: A nautical mile or 6080.27 feet; as when a ship goes eight miles an hour her speed is said to be eight knots.; n.: A kind of epaulet. See Shoulder knot.; n.: A sandpiper (Tringa canutus) found in the northern parts of all the continents in summer. It is grayish or ashy above with the rump and upper tail coverts white barred with dusky. The lower parts are pale brown with the flanks and under tail coverts white. When fat it is prized by epicures. Called also dunne.; v. t.: To tie in or with or form into a knot or knots; to form a knot on as a rope; to entangle.; v. t.: To unite closely; to knit together.; v. t.: To entangle or perplex; to puzzle.; v. i.: To form knots or joints as in a cord a plant etc.; to become entangled.; v. i.: To knit knots for fringe or trimming.; v. i.: To copulate; -- said of toads.
Found on page(s): [105]

conspire - conspire, Definition(s): v. i.: To make an agreement esp. a secret agreement to do some act as to commit treason or a crime or to do some unlawful deed; to plot together.; v. i.: To concur to one end; to agree.; v. t.: To plot; to plan; to combine for.
Found on page(s): [54]

yearly - yearly, Definition(s): a.: Happening accruing or coming every year; annual; as a yearly income; a yearly feast.; a.: Lasting a year; as a yearly plant.; a.: Accomplished in a year; as the yearly circuit or revolution of the earth.; adv.: Annually; once a year to year; as blessings yearly bestowed.
Found on page(s): [98]

deceive - deceive, Definition(s): v. t.: To lead into error; to cause to believe what is false or disbelieve what is true; to impose upon; to mislead; to cheat; to disappoint; to delude; to insnare.; v. t.: To beguile; to amuse so as to divert the attention; to while away; to take away as if by deception.; v. t.: To deprive by fraud or stealth; to defraud.
Found on page(s): [24, 51, 54, 59, 69]

itself; - itself;, Definition(s): pron.: The neuter reciprocal pronoun of It; as the thing is good in itself; it stands by itself.
Found on page(s): [69, 78]

finished, - finished,, Definition(s): a.: Polished to the highest degree of excellence; complete; perfect; as a finished poem; a finished education.
Found on page(s): [25, 39]

rule, - rule,, Definition(s): a.: That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket.; a.: Uniform or established course of things.; a.: Systematic method or practice; as my ule is to rise at six o'clock.; a.: Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things; as it is a rule to which there are many exeptions.; a.: Conduct in general; behavior.; a.: The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control.; a.: An order regulating the practice of the courts or an order made between parties to an action or a suit.; a.: A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result; as a rule for extracting the cube root.; a.: A straight strip of wood metal or the like which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler.; a.: A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood ivory metal or the like which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch and jointed so that it may be folded compactly.; a.: A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type and used for printing lines as between columns on the same page or in tabular work.; a.: A composing rule. See under Conposing.; n.: To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage.; n.: To control or direct by influence counsel or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive.; n.: To establish or settle by or as by a rule; to fix by universal or general consent or by common practice.; n.: To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court.; n.: To mark with lines made with a pen pencil etc. guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result; as to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book.; v. i.: To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over.; v. i.: To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule.; v. i.: To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general or as a rule; as prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before.
Found on page(s): [26]

willingly - willingly, Definition(s): adv.: In a willing manner; with free will; without reluctance; cheerfully.
Found on page(s): [42, 87]

promise, - promise,, Definition(s): a.: In general a declaration written or verbal made by one person to another which binds the person who makes it to do or to forbear to do a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act.; a.: An engagement by one person to another either in words or in writing but properly not under seal for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person without regard to the consideration for it or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made.; a.: That which causes hope expectation or assurance; especially that which affords expectation of future distinction; as a youth of great promise.; a.: Bestowal fulfillment or grant of what is promised.; v. t.: To engage to do give make or to refrain from doing giving or making or the like; to covenant; to engage; as to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money.; v. t.: To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as the clouds promise rain.; v. t.: To make declaration of or give assurance of as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward.; v. i.: To give assurance by a promise or binding declaration.; v. i.: To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely to give reason to expect evil.
Found on page(s): [29]

RENOWN - RENOWN, Definition(s): v.: The state of being much known and talked of; exalted reputation derived from the extensive praise of great achievements or accomplishments; fame; celebrity; -- always in a good sense.; v.: Report of nobleness or exploits; praise.; v. t.: To make famous; to give renown to.
Found on page(s): [65]

promise. - promise., Definition(s): a.: In general a declaration written or verbal made by one person to another which binds the person who makes it to do or to forbear to do a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act.; a.: An engagement by one person to another either in words or in writing but properly not under seal for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person without regard to the consideration for it or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made.; a.: That which causes hope expectation or assurance; especially that which affords expectation of future distinction; as a youth of great promise.; a.: Bestowal fulfillment or grant of what is promised.; v. t.: To engage to do give make or to refrain from doing giving or making or the like; to covenant; to engage; as to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money.; v. t.: To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as the clouds promise rain.; v. t.: To make declaration of or give assurance of as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward.; v. i.: To give assurance by a promise or binding declaration.; v. i.: To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely to give reason to expect evil.
Found on page(s): [2]

heir - heir, Definition(s): n.: One who inherits or is entitled to succeed to the possession of any property after the death of its owner; one on whom the law bestows the title or property of another at the death of the latter.; n.: One who receives any endowment from an ancestor or relation; as the heir of one's reputation or virtues.; v. t.: To inherit; to succeed to.
Found on page(s): [33, 61]

disposed - disposed, Definition(s): p. a.: Inclined; minded.; p. a.: Inclined to mirth; jolly.
Found on page(s): [3, 15, 49]

union, - union,, Definition(s): n.: The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one or the state of being united or joined; junction; coalition; combination.; n.: Agreement and conjunction of mind spirit will affections or the like; harmony; concord.; n.: That which is united or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league; as the weavers have formed a union; trades unions have become very numerous; the United States of America are often called the Union.; n.: A textile fabric composed of two or more materials as cotton silk wool etc. woven together.; n.: A large fine pearl.; n.: A device emblematic of union used on a national flag or ensign sometimes as in the military standard of Great Britain covering the whole field; sometimes as in the flag of the United States and the English naval and marine flag occupying the upper inner corner the rest of the flag being called the fly. Also a flag having such a device; especially the flag of Great Britain.; n.: A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery or the like as the elastic pipe of a tender connecting it with the feed pipe of a locomotive engine; especially a pipe fitting for connecting pipes or pipes and fittings in such a way as to facilitate disconnection.; n.: A cask suspended on trunnions in which fermentation is carried on.
Found on page(s): [20]

astute, - astute,, Definition(s): a.: Critically discerning; sagacious; shrewd; subtle; crafty.
Found on page(s): [28]

Whenever - Whenever, Definition(s): adv. & conj.: At whatever time.
Found on page(s): [13]

Whereupon - Whereupon, Definition(s): adv.: Upon which; in consequence of which; after which.
Found on page(s): [86, 92, 93]

LIBERALITY - LIBERALITY, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.; n.: A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Found on page(s): [45]

slight - slight, Definition(s): n.: Sleight.; v. t.: To overthrow; to demolish.; v. t.: To make even or level.; v. t.: To throw heedlessly.; superl.: Not decidedly marked; not forcible; inconsiderable; unimportant; insignificant; not severe; weak; gentle; -- applied in a great variety of circumstances; as a slight (i. e. feeble) effort; a slight (i. e. perishable) structure; a slight (i. e. not deep) impression; a slight (i. e. not convincing) argument; a slight (i. e. not thorough) examination; slight (i. e. not severe) pain and the like.; superl.: Not stout or heavy; slender.; superl.: Foolish; silly; weak in intellect.; v. t.: To disregard as of little value and unworthy of notice; to make light of; as to slight the divine commands.; n.: The act of slighting; the manifestation of a moderate degree of contempt as by neglect or oversight; neglect; indignity.; adv.: Slightly.
Found on page(s): [86, 90, 100]

effeminate - effeminate, Definition(s): a.: Having some characteristic of a woman as delicacy luxuriousness etc.; soft or delicate to an unmanly degree; womanish; weak.; a.: Womanlike; womanly; tender; -- in a good sense.; v. t.: To make womanish; to make soft and delicate; to weaken.; v. i.: To grow womanish or weak.
Found on page(s): [15, 45, 58]

zenith - zenith, Definition(s): n.: That point in the visible celestial hemisphere which is vertical to the spectator; the point of the heavens directly overhead; -- opposed to nadir.; n.: hence figuratively the point of culmination; the greatest height; the height of success or prosperity.
Found on page(s): [41]

itself, - itself,, Definition(s): pron.: The neuter reciprocal pronoun of It; as the thing is good in itself; it stands by itself.
Found on page(s): [50]

superior - superior, Definition(s): a.: More elevated in place or position; higher; upper; as the superior limb of the sun; the superior part of an image.; a.: Higher in rank or office; more exalted in dignity; as a superior officer; a superior degree of nobility.; a.: Higher or greater in excellence; surpassing others in the greatness or value of any quality; greater in quality or degree; as a man of superior merit; or of superior bravery.; a.: Beyond the power or influence of; too great or firm to be subdued or affected by; -- with to.; a.: More comprehensive; as a term in classification; as a genus is superior to a species.; a.: Above the ovary; -- said of parts of the flower which although normally below the ovary adhere to it and so appear to originate from its upper part; also of an ovary when the other floral organs are plainly below it in position and free from it.; a.: Belonging to the part of an axillary flower which is toward the main stem; posterior.; a.: Pointing toward the apex of the fruit; ascending; -- said of the radicle.; n.: One who is above or surpasses another in rank station office age ability or merit; one who surpasses in what is desirable; as Addison has no superior as a writer of pure English.; n.: The head of a monastery convent abbey or the like.
Found on page(s): [11, 77]

praise; - praise;, Definition(s): v.: To commend; to applaud; to express approbation of; to laud; -- applied to a person or his acts.; v.: To extol in words or song; to magnify; to glorify on account of perfections or excellent works; to do honor to; to display the excellence of; -- applied especially to the Divine Being.; v.: To value; to appraise.; v.: Commendation for worth; approval expressed; honor rendered because of excellence or worth; laudation; approbation.; v.: Especially the joyful tribute of gratitude or homage rendered to the Divine Being; the act of glorifying or extolling the Creator; worship particularly worship by song distinction from prayer and other acts of worship; as a service of praise.; v.: The object ground or reason of praise.
Found on page(s): [45]

succeed - succeed, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow in order; to come next after; hence to take the place of; as the king's eldest son succeeds his father on the throne; autumn succeeds summer.; v. t.: To fall heir to; to inherit.; v. t.: To come after; to be subsequent or consequent to; to follow; to pursue.; v. t.: To support; to prosper; to promote.; v. i.: To come in the place of another person thing or event; to come next in the usual natural or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence to come next in the possession of anything; -- often with to.; v. i.: Specifically: To ascend the throne after the removal the death of the occupant.; v. i.: To descend as an estate or an heirloom in the same family; to devolve.; v. i.: To obtain the object desired; to accomplish what is attempted or intended; to have a prosperous issue or termination; to be successful; as he succeeded in his plans; his plans succeeded.; v. i.: To go under cover.
Found on page(s): [16, 48, 103]

Milanese - Milanese, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Milan in Italy or to its inhabitants.; n. sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Milan; people of Milan.
Found on page(s): [36]

held - held, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hold.
Found on page(s): [2, 8, 12, 13, 24, 25, 31, 33, 36, 50, 58, 63, 65, 80, 82, 89, 92, 95, 100, 103, 104]

undertaking; - undertaking;, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who undertakes or engages in any project or business.; n.: That which is undertaken; any business work or project which a person engages in or attempts to perform; an enterprise.; n.: Specifically the business of an undertaker or the management of funerals.; n.: A promise or pledge; a guarantee.
Found on page(s): [19]

mean-spirited, - mean-spirited,, Definition(s): a.: Of a mean spirit; base; groveling.
Found on page(s): [54]

dignity, - dignity,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being worthy or honorable; elevation of mind or character; true worth; excellence.; n.: Elevation; grandeur.; n.: Elevated rank; honorable station; high office political or ecclesiastical; degree of excellence; preferment; exaltation.; n.: Quality suited to inspire respect or reverence; loftiness and grace; impressiveness; stateliness; -- said of //en manner style etc.; n.: One holding high rank; a dignitary.; n.: Fundamental principle; axiom; maxim.
Found on page(s): [60]

beyond - beyond, Definition(s): prep.: On the further side of; in the same direction as and further on or away than.; prep.: At a place or time not yet reached; before.; prep.: Past out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength.; prep.: In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above as in dignity excellence or quality of any kind.; adv.: Further away; at a distance; yonder.
Found on page(s): [15, 30, 40, 71, 73, 77, 87, 88]

pecuniarily - pecuniarily, Definition(s): adv.: In a pecuniary manner; as regards money.
Found on page(s): [68]

hell - hell, Definition(s): v. t.: The place of the dead or of souls after death; the grave; -- called in Hebrew sheol and by the Greeks hades.; v. t.: The place or state of punishment for the wicked after death; the abode of evil spirits. Hence any mental torment; anguish.; v. t.: A dungeon or prison; also in certain running games a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention.; v. t.: A gambling house.; v. t.: A place into which a tailor throws his shreds or a printer his broken type.; v. t.: To overwhelm.
Found on page(s): [106]

practise - practise, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: See Practice.
Found on page(s): [26, 68]

martial, - martial,, Definition(s): a.: Of pertaining to or suited for war; military; as martial music; a martial appearance.; a.: Practiced in or inclined to war; warlike; brave.; a.: Belonging to war or to an army and navy; -- opposed to civil; as martial law; a court-martial.; a.: Pertaining to or resembling the god or the planet Mars.; a.: Pertaining to or containing iron; chalybeate; as martial preparations.
Found on page(s): [42]

voluntary - voluntary, Definition(s): v. t.: Proceeding from the will; produced in or by an act of choice.; v. t.: Unconstrained by the interference of another; unimpelled by the influence of another; not prompted or persuaded by another; done of his or its own accord; spontaneous; acting of one's self or of itself; free.; v. t.: Done by design or intention; intentional; purposed; intended; not accidental; as if a man kills another by lopping a tree it is not voluntary manslaughter.; v. t.: Of or pertaining to the will; subject to or regulated by the will; as the voluntary motions of an animal such as the movements of the leg or arm (in distinction from involuntary motions such as the movements of the heart); the voluntary muscle fibers which are the agents in voluntary motion.; v. t.: Endowed with the power of willing; as man is a voluntary agent.; v. t.: Free; without compulsion; according to the will consent or agreement of a party; without consideration; gratuitous; without valuable consideration.; v. t.: Of or pertaining to voluntaryism; as a voluntary church in distinction from an established or state church.; n.: One who engages in any affair of his own free will; a volunteer.; n.: A piece played by a musician often extemporarily according to his fancy; specifically an organ solo played before during or after divine service.; n.: One who advocates voluntaryism.
Found on page(s): [96]

Signor - Signor, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [20, 81]

connection - connection, Definition(s): n.: The act of connecting or the state of being connected; junction; union; alliance; relationship.; n.: That which connects or joins together; bond; tie.; n.: A relation; esp. a person connected with another by marriage rather than by blood; -- used in a loose and indefinite and sometimes a comprehensive sense.; n.: The persons or things that are connected; as a business connection; the Methodist connection.
Found on page(s): [68]

deeply - deeply, Definition(s): adv.: At or to a great depth; far below the surface; as to sink deeply.; adv.: Profoundly; thoroughly; not superficially; in a high degree; intensely; as deeply skilled in ethics.; adv.: Very; with a tendency to darkness of color.; adv.: Gravely; with low or deep tone; as a deeply toned instrument.; adv.: With profound skill; with art or intricacy; as a deeply laid plot or intrigue.
Found on page(s): [103]

proof - proof, Definition(s): n.: Any effort process or operation designed to establish or discover a fact or truth; an act of testing; a test; a trial.; n.: That degree of evidence which convinces the mind of any truth or fact and produces belief; a test by facts or arguments that induce or tend to induce certainty of the judgment; conclusive evidence; demonstration.; n.: The quality or state of having been proved or tried; firmness or hardness that resists impression or does not yield to force; impenetrability of physical bodies.; n.: Firmness of mind; stability not to be shaken.; n.: A trial impression as from type taken for correction or examination; -- called also proof sheet.; n.: A process for testing the accuracy of an operation performed. Cf. Prove v. t. 5.; v. t.: Armor of excellent or tried quality and deemed impenetrable; properly armor of proof.; a.: Used in proving or testing; as a proof load or proof charge.; a.: Firm or successful in resisting; as proof against harm; waterproof; bombproof.; a.: Being of a certain standard as to strength; -- said of alcoholic liquors.
Found on page(s): [39, 78, 88]

abandoned - abandoned, Definition(s): a.: Forsaken deserted.; a.: Self-abandoned or given up to vice; extremely wicked or sinning without restraint; irreclaimably wicked ; as an abandoned villain.
Found on page(s): [15, 28]

presence - presence, Definition(s): n.: The state of being present or of being within sight or call or at hand; -- opposed to absence.; n.: The place in which one is present; the part of space within one's ken call influence etc.; neighborhood without the intervention of anything that forbids intercourse.; n.: Specifically neighborhood to the person of one of superior of exalted rank; also presence chamber.; n.: The whole of the personal qualities of an individual; person; personality; especially the person of a superior as a sovereign.; n.: An assembly especially of person of rank or nobility; noble company.; n.: Port mien; air; personal appearence.
Found on page(s): [82, 96]

surrounding - surrounding, Definition(s): a.: Inclosing; encircling.; n.: An encompassing.; n.: The things which surround or environ; external or attending circumstances or conditions.
Found on page(s): [100]

firebrand, - firebrand,, Definition(s): n.: A piece of burning wood.; n.: One who inflames factions or causes contention and mischief; an incendiary.
Found on page(s): [81]

river. - river., Definition(s): n.: One who rives or splits.; n.: A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean a sea a lake or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook.; n.: Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as rivers of blood; rivers of oil.; v. i.: To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
Found on page(s): [100, 101]

wife - wife, Definition(s): n.: A woman; an adult female; -- now used in literature only in certain compounds and phrases as alewife fishwife goodwife and the like.; n.: The lawful consort of a man; a woman who is united to a man in wedlock; a woman who has a husband; a married woman; -- correlative of husband.
Found on page(s): [106]

river, - river,, Definition(s): n.: One who rives or splits.; n.: A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean a sea a lake or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook.; n.: Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as rivers of blood; rivers of oil.; v. i.: To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
Found on page(s): [84, 100, 101]

river; - river;, Definition(s): n.: One who rives or splits.; n.: A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean a sea a lake or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook.; n.: Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as rivers of blood; rivers of oil.; v. i.: To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
Found on page(s): [83]

exist - exist, Definition(s): v. i.: To be as a fact and not as a mode; to have an actual or real being whether material or spiritual.; v. i.: To be manifest in any manner; to continue to be; as great evils existed in his reign.; v. i.: To live; to have life or the functions of vitality; as men can not exist water nor fishes on land.
Found on page(s): [51, 68]

insight - insight, Definition(s): n.: A sight or view of the interior of anything; a deep inspection or view; introspection; -- frequently used with into.; n.: Power of acute observation and deduction; penetration; discernment; perception.
Found on page(s): [41]

instrumental - instrumental, Definition(s): a.: Acting as an instrument; serving as a means; contributing to promote; conductive; helpful; serviceable; as he was instrumental in conducting the business.; a.: Pertaining to made by or prepared for an instrument esp. a musical instrument; as instrumental music distinguished from vocal music.; a.: Applied to a case expressing means or agency; as the instrumental case. This is found in Sanskrit as a separate case but in Greek it was merged into the dative and in Latin into the ablative. In Old English it was a separate case but has disappeared leaving only a few anomalous forms.
Found on page(s): [106]

exact - exact, Definition(s): a.: Precisely agreeing with a standard a fact or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect; true; correct; precise; as the clock keeps exact time; he paid the exact debt; an exact copy of a letter; exact accounts.; a.: Habitually careful to agree with a standard a rule or a promise; accurate; methodical; punctual; as a man exact in observing an appointment; in my doings I was exact.; a.: Precisely or definitely conceived or stated; strict.; a.: To demand or require authoritatively or peremptorily as a right; to enforce the payment of or a yielding of; to compel to yield or to furnish; hence to wrest as a fee or reward when none is due; -- followed by from or of before the one subjected to exaction; as to exact tribute fees obedience etc. from or of some one.; v. i.: To practice exaction.
Found on page(s): [96]

force - force, Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [22, 38, 42, 52, 74, 82, 97, 98]

Therefore, - Therefore,, Definition(s): adv.: For that or this reason referring to something previously stated; for that.; adv.: Consequently; by consequence.
Found on page(s): [7, 9, 11, 22, 23, 24, 28, 31, 39, 41, 44, 45, 46, 51, 57, 62, 65, 69, 72, 103]

hatred; - hatred;, Definition(s): n.: Strong aversion; intense dislike; hate; an affection of the mind awakened by something regarded as evil.
Found on page(s): [49]

thriftiness. - thriftiness., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being thrifty; thrift.
Found on page(s): [46]

nor, - nor,, Definition(s): conj.: A negative connective or particle introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition following neither or not in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
Found on page(s): [61]

German - German, Definition(s): a.: Nearly related; closely akin.; n.: A native or one of the people of Germany.; n.: The German language.; n.: A round dance often with a waltz movement abounding in capriciosly involved figures.; n.: A social party at which the german is danced.; n.: Of or pertaining to Germany.
Found on page(s): [78, 90, 95]

felt. - felt., Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. / a. from Feel.; n.: A cloth or stuff made of matted fibers of wool or wool and fur fulled or wrought into a compact substance by rolling and pressure with lees or size without spinning or weaving.; n.: A hat made of felt.; n.: A skin or hide; a fell; a pelt.; v. t.: To make into felt or a feltike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.; v. t.: To cover with or as with felt; as to felt the cylinder of a steam emgine.
Found on page(s): [71]

capacity - capacity, Definition(s): n.: The power of receiving or containing; extent of room or space; passive power; -- used in reference to physical things.; n.: The power of receiving and holding ideas knowledge etc.; the comprehensiveness of the mind; the receptive faculty; capability of undestanding or feeling.; n.: Ability; power pertaining to or resulting from the possession of strength wealth or talent; possibility of being or of doing.; n.: Outward condition or circumstances; occupation; profession; character; position; as to work in the capacity of a mason or a carpenter.; n.: Legal or noral qualification as of age residence character etc. necessary for certain purposes as for holding office for marrying for making contracts will etc.; legal power or right; competency.
Found on page(s): [31]

confess - confess, Definition(s): v. t.: To make acknowledgment or avowal in a matter pertaining to one's self; to acknowledge own or admit as a crime a fault a debt.; v. t.: To acknowledge faith in; to profess belief in.; v. t.: To admit as true; to assent to; to acknowledge as after a previous doubt denial or concealment.; v. t.: To make known or acknowledge as one's sins to a priest in order to receive absolution; -- sometimes followed by the reflexive pronoun.; v. t.: To hear or receive such confession; -- said of a priest.; v. t.: To disclose or reveal as an effect discloses its cause; to prove; to attest.; v. i.: To make confession; to disclose sins or faults or the state of the conscience.; v. i.: To acknowledge; to admit; to concede.
Found on page(s): [45]

saturate - saturate, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to become completely penetrated impregnated or soaked; to fill fully; to sate.; v. t.: To satisfy the affinity of; to cause to become inert by chemical combination with all that it can hold; as to saturate phosphorus with chlorine.; p. a.: Filled to repletion; saturated; soaked.
Found on page(s): [104]

counterfeit - counterfeit, Definition(s): adv.: Representing by imitation or likeness; having a resemblance to something else; portrayed.; adv.: Fabricated in imitation of something else with a view to defraud by passing the false copy for genuine or original; as counterfeit antiques; counterfeit coin.; adv.: Assuming the appearance of something; false; spurious; deceitful; hypocritical; as a counterfeit philanthropist.; n.: That which resembles or is like another thing; a likeness; a portrait; a counterpart.; n.: That which is made in imitation of something with a view to deceive by passing the false for the true; as the bank note was a counterfeit.; n.: One who pretends to be what he is not; one who personates another; an impostor; a cheat.; v. t.: To imitate or put on a semblance of; to mimic; as to counterfeit the voice of another person.; v. t.: To imitate with a view to deceiving by passing the copy for that which is original or genuine; to forge; as to counterfeit the signature of another coins notes etc.; v. i.: To carry on a deception; to dissemble; to feign; to pretend.; v. i.: To make counterfeits.
Found on page(s): [58]

witty - witty, Definition(s): n.: Possessed of wit; knowing; wise; skillful; judicious; clever; cunning.; n.: Especially possessing wit or humor; good at repartee; droll; facetious; sometimes sarcastic; as a witty remark poem and the like.
Found on page(s): [107]

mediation - mediation, Definition(s): a.: The act of mediating; action or relation of anything interposed; action as a necessary condition means or instrument; interposition; intervention.; a.: Hence specifically agency between parties at variance with a view to reconcile them; entreaty for another; intercession.
Found on page(s): [20]

dare - dare, Definition(s): v. i.: To have adequate or sufficient courage for any purpose; to be bold or venturesome; not to be afraid; to venture.; v. t.: To have courage for; to attempt courageously; to venture to do or to undertake.; v. t.: To challenge; to provoke; to defy.; n.: The quality of daring; venturesomeness; boldness; dash.; n.: Defiance; challenge.; v. i.: To lurk; to lie hid.; v. t.: To terrify; to daunt.; n.: A small fish; the dace.
Found on page(s): [1, 52, 53]

oath. - oath., Definition(s): n.: A solemn affirmation or declaration made with a reverent appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed.; n.: A solemn affirmation connected with a sacred object or one regarded as sacred as the temple the altar the blood of Abel the Bible the Koran etc.; n.: An appeal (in verification of a statement made) to a superior sanction in such a form as exposes the party making the appeal to an indictment for perjury if the statement be false.; n.: A careless and blasphemous use of the name of the divine Being or anything divine or sacred by way of appeal or as a profane exclamation or ejaculation; an expression of profane swearing.
Found on page(s): [68]

precious - precious, Definition(s): a.: Of great price; costly; as a precious stone.; a.: Of great value or worth; very valuable; highly esteemed; dear; beloved; as precious recollections.; a.: Particular; fastidious; overnice.
Found on page(s): [1]

continued - continued, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having extension of time space order of events exertion of energy etc.; extended; protracted; uninterrupted; also resumed after interruption; extending through a succession of issues session etc.; as a continued story.
Found on page(s): [2, 21, 26, 50, 104]

thou - thou, Definition(s): obj.: The second personal pronoun in the singular number denoting the person addressed; thyself; the pronoun which is used in addressing persons in the solemn or poetical style.; v. t.: To address as thou esp. to do so in order to treat with insolent familiarity or contempt.; v. i.: To use the words thou and thee in discourse after the manner of the Friends.
Found on page(s): [102, 103, 105, 106]

assured, - assured,, Definition(s): a.: Made sure; safe; insured; certain; indubitable; not doubting; bold to excess.; n.: One whose life or property is insured.
Found on page(s): [55, 96]

hatred, - hatred,, Definition(s): n.: Strong aversion; intense dislike; hate; an affection of the mind awakened by something regarded as evil.
Found on page(s): [14, 47, 50, 58, 81]

forcing - forcing, Definition(s): n.: The accomplishing of any purpose violently precipitately prematurely or with unusual expedition.; n.: The art of raising plants flowers and fruits at an earlier season than the natural one as in a hitbed or by the use of artificial heat.
Found on page(s): [89]

Born - Born, Definition(s): v. t.: Brought forth as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.; v. t.: Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as a born liar.
Found on page(s): [10]

conjecture. - conjecture., Definition(s): n.: An opinion or judgment formed on defective or presumptive evidence; probable inference; surmise; guess; suspicion.; v. t.: To arrive at by conjecture; to infer on slight evidence; to surmise; to guess; to form at random opinions concerning.; v. i.: To make conjectures; to surmise; to guess; to infer; to form an opinion; to imagine.
Found on page(s): [73]

fray, - fray,, Definition(s): n.: Affray; broil; contest; combat.; v. t.: To frighten; to terrify; to alarm.; v. t.: To bear the expense of; to defray.; v. t.: To rub; to wear off or wear into shreds by rubbing; to fret as cloth; as a deer is said to fray her head.; v. i.: To rub.; v. i.: To wear out or into shreads or to suffer injury by rubbing as when the threads of the warp or of the woof wear off so that the cross threads are loose; to ravel; as the cloth frays badly.; n.: A fret or chafe as in cloth; a place injured by rubbing.
Found on page(s): [38]

owe - owe, Definition(s): v.: To possess; to have as the rightful owner; to own.; v.: To have or possess as something derived or bestowed; to be obliged to ascribe (something to some source); to be indebted or obliged for; as he owed his wealth to his father; he owed his victory to his lieutenants.; v.: Hence: To have or be under an obigation to restore pay or render (something) in return or compensation for something received; to be indebted in the sum of; as the subject owes allegiance; the fortunate owe assistance to the unfortunate.; v.: To have an obligation to (some one) on account of something done or received; to be indebted to; as to iwe the grocer for supplies or a laborer for services.
Found on page(s): [16, 86]

hatred. - hatred., Definition(s): n.: Strong aversion; intense dislike; hate; an affection of the mind awakened by something regarded as evil.
Found on page(s): [23, 47]

oath; - oath;, Definition(s): n.: A solemn affirmation or declaration made with a reverent appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed.; n.: A solemn affirmation connected with a sacred object or one regarded as sacred as the temple the altar the blood of Abel the Bible the Koran etc.; n.: An appeal (in verification of a statement made) to a superior sanction in such a form as exposes the party making the appeal to an indictment for perjury if the statement be false.; n.: A careless and blasphemous use of the name of the divine Being or anything divine or sacred by way of appeal or as a profane exclamation or ejaculation; an expression of profane swearing.
Found on page(s): [68]

majesty, - majesty,, Definition(s): n.: The dignity and authority of sovereign power; quality or state which inspires awe or reverence; grandeur; exalted dignity whether proceeding from rank character or bearing; imposing loftiness; stateliness; -- usually applied to the rank and dignity of sovereigns.; n.: Hence used with the possessive pronoun the title of an emperor king or queen; -- in this sense taking a plural; as their majesties attended the concert.; n.: Dignity; elevation of manner or style.
Found on page(s): [60, 70]

compassionate; - compassionate;, Definition(s): a.: Having a temper or disposition to pity; sympathetic; merciful.; a.: Complaining; inviting pity; pitiable.; v. t.: To have compassion for; to pity; to commiserate; to sympathize with.
Found on page(s): [45]

nothing, - nothing,, Definition(s): n.: Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.; n.: Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.; n.: A thing of no account value or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.; n.: A cipher; naught.; adv.: In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Found on page(s): [24, 102]

notwithstanding, - notwithstanding,, Definition(s): prep.: Without prevention or obstruction from or by; in spite of.; adv. / conj.: Nevertheless; however; although; as I shall go notwithstanding it rains.
Found on page(s): [47]

King - King, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [2, 4, 8, 9, 10, 11, 15, 19, 23, 32, 34, 36, 37, 39, 40, 41, 46, 65, 72, 73, 75, 80, 81, 89, 91, 92, 93, 95, 98, 99, 101, 107]

blow - blow, Definition(s): v. i.: To flower; to blossom; to bloom.; v. t.: To cause to blossom; to put forth (blossoms or flowers).; n.: A blossom; a flower; also a state of blossoming; a mass of blossoms.; n.: A forcible stroke with the hand fist or some instrument as a rod a club an ax or a sword.; n.: A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault.; n.: The infliction of evil; a sudden calamity; something which produces mental physical or financial suffering or loss (esp. when sudden); a buffet.; v. i.: To produce a current of air; to move as air esp. to move rapidly or with power; as the wind blows.; v. i.: To send forth a forcible current of air as from the mouth or from a pair of bellows.; v. i.: To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff.; v. i.: To sound on being blown into as a trumpet.; v. i.: To spout water etc. from the blowholes as a whale.; v. i.: To be carried or moved by the wind; as the dust blows in from the street.; v. i.: To talk loudly; to boast; to storm.; v. t.: To force a current of air upon with the mouth or by other means; as to blow the fire.; v. t.: To drive by a current air; to impel; as the tempest blew the ship ashore.; v. t.: To cause air to pass through by the action of the mouth or otherwise; to cause to sound as a wind instrument; as to blow a trumpet; to blow an organ.; v. t.: To clear of contents by forcing air through; as to blow an egg; to blow one's nose.; v. t.: To burst shatter or destroy by an explosion; -- usually with up down open or similar adverb; as to blow up a building.; v. t.: To spread by report; to publish; to disclose.; v. t.: To form by inflation; to swell by injecting air; as to blow bubbles; to blow glass.; v. t.: To inflate as with pride; to puff up.; v. t.: To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue; as to blow a horse.; v. t.: To deposit eggs or larvae upon or in (meat etc.).; n.: A blowing esp. a violent blowing of the wind; a gale; as a heavy blow came on and the ship put back to port.; n.: The act of forcing air from the mouth or through or from some instrument; as to give a hard blow on a whistle or horn; to give the fire a blow with the bellows.; n.: The spouting of a whale.; n.: A single heat or operation of the Bessemer converter.; n.: An egg or a larva deposited by a fly on or in flesh or the act of depositing it.
Found on page(s): [26, 98, 106]

challenge, - challenge,, Definition(s): n.: An invitation to engage in a contest or controversy of any kind; a defiance; specifically a summons to fight a duel; also the letter or message conveying the summons.; n.: The act of a sentry in halting any one who appears at his post and demanding the countersign.; n.: A claim or demand.; n.: The opening and crying of hounds at first finding the scent of their game.; n.: An exception to a juror or to a member of a court martial coupled with a demand that he should be held incompetent to act; the claim of a party that a certain person or persons shall not sit in trial upon him or his cause.; n.: An exception to a person as not legally qualified to vote. The challenge must be made when the ballot is offered.; n.: To call to a contest of any kind; to call to answer; to defy.; n.: To call invite or summon to answer for an offense by personal combat.; n.: To claim as due; to demand as a right.; n.: To censure; to blame.; n.: To take exception to; question; as to challenge the accuracy of a statement or of a quotation.; n.: To object to or take exception to as to a juror or member of a court.; n.: To object to the reception of the vote of as on the ground that the person in not qualified as a voter.; v. i.: To assert a right; to claim a place.
Found on page(s): [53]

Prince' - Prince', Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [53]

consider, - consider,, Definition(s): v. t.: To fix the mind on with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on.; v. t.: To look at attentively; to observe; to examine.; v. t.: To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.; v. t.: To estimate; to think; to regard; to view.; v. i.: To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate.; v. i.: To hesitate.
Found on page(s): [53]

adversity, - adversity,, Definition(s): n.: Opposition; contrariety.
Found on page(s): [29, 44]

sent - sent, Definition(s): v. & n.: See Scent v. & n.; : obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Send for sendeth.; : imp. & p. p. of Send.
Found on page(s): [7, 24, 35, 36, 39, 55, 59, 65, 66, 67, 80, 81, 82, 83, 85, 88, 91, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100]

prestige - prestige, Definition(s): v.: Delusion; illusion; trick.; v.: Weight or influence derived from past success; expectation of future achievements founded on those already accomplished; force or charm derived from acknowledged character or reputation.
Found on page(s): [103]

adversity. - adversity., Definition(s): n.: Opposition; contrariety.
Found on page(s): [28, 107]

religious, - religious,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to religion; concerned with religion; teaching or setting forth religion; set apart to religion; as a religious society; a religious sect; a religious place; religious subjects books teachers houses wars.; a.: Possessing or conforming to religion; pious; godly; as a religious man life behavior etc.; a.: Scrupulously faithful or exact; strict.; a.: Belonging to a religious order; bound by vows.; n.: A person bound by monastic vows or sequestered from secular concern and devoted to a life of piety and religion; a monk or friar; a nun.
Found on page(s): [45, 52]

Senate - Senate, Definition(s): n.: An assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions.; n.: A body of elders appointed or elected from among the nobles of the nation and having supreme legislative authority.; n.: The upper and less numerous branch of a legislature in various countries as in France in the United States in most of the separate States of the United States and in some Swiss cantons.; n.: In general a legislative body; a state council; the legislative department of government.; n.: The governing body of the Universities of Cambridge and London.; n.: In some American colleges a council of elected students presided over by the president of the college to which are referred cases of discipline and matters of general concern affecting the students.
Found on page(s): [49, 59, 60]

religious. - religious., Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to religion; concerned with religion; teaching or setting forth religion; set apart to religion; as a religious society; a religious sect; a religious place; religious subjects books teachers houses wars.; a.: Possessing or conforming to religion; pious; godly; as a religious man life behavior etc.; a.: Scrupulously faithful or exact; strict.; a.: Belonging to a religious order; bound by vows.; n.: A person bound by monastic vows or sequestered from secular concern and devoted to a life of piety and religion; a monk or friar; a nun.
Found on page(s): [53]

fraud - fraud, Definition(s): n.: Deception deliberately practiced with a view to gaining an unlawful or unfair advantage; artifice by which the right or interest of another is injured; injurious stratagem; deceit; trick.; n.: An intentional perversion of truth for the purpose of obtaining some valuable thing or promise from another.; n.: A trap or snare.
Found on page(s): [104]

ground - ground, Definition(s): n.: The surface of the earth; the outer crust of the globe or some indefinite portion of it.; n.: A floor or pavement supposed to rest upon the earth.; n.: Any definite portion of the earth's surface; region; territory; country. Hence: A territory appropriated to or resorted to for a particular purpose; the field or place of action; as a hunting or fishing ground; a play ground.; n.: Land; estate; possession; field; esp. (pl.) the gardens lawns fields etc. belonging to a homestead; as the grounds of the estate are well kept.; n.: The basis on which anything rests; foundation. Hence: The foundation of knowledge belief or conviction; a premise reason or datum; ultimate or first principle; cause of existence or occurrence; originating force or agency; as the ground of my hope.; n.: That surface upon which the figures of a composition are set and which relieves them by its plainness being either of one tint or of tints but slightly contrasted with one another; as crimson Bowers on a white ground.; n.: In sculpture a flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief.; n.: In point lace the net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied; as Brussels ground. See Brussels lace under Brussels.; n.: A gummy composition spread over the surface of a metal to be etched to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.; n.: One of the pieces of wood flush with the plastering to which moldings etc. are attached; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A composition in which the bass consisting of a few bars of independent notes is continually repeated to a varying melody.; n.: The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song.; n.: A conducting connection with the earth whereby the earth is made part of an electrical circuit.; n.: Sediment at the bottom of liquors or liquids; dregs; lees; feces; as coffee grounds.; n.: The pit of a theater.; v. t.: To lay set or run on the ground.; v. t.: To found; to fix or set as on a foundation reason or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.; v. t.: To instruct in elements or first principles.; v. t.: To connect with the ground so as to make the earth a part of an electrical circuit.; v. t.: To cover with a ground as a copper plate for etching (see Ground n. 5); or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.; v. i.: To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed; as the ship grounded on the bar.; : imp. & p. p. of Grind.
Found on page(s): [53]

fasten." - fasten.", Definition(s): a.: To fix firmly; to make fast; to secure as by a knot lock bolt etc.; as to fasten a chain to the feet; to fasten a door or window.; a.: To cause to hold together or to something else; to attach or unite firmly; to cause to cleave to something  or to cleave together by any means; as to fasten boards together with nails or cords; to fasten anything in our thoughts.; a.: To cause to take close effect; to make to tell; to lay on; as to fasten a blow.; v. i.: To fix one's self; to take firm hold; to clinch; to cling.
Found on page(s): [105]

everybody - everybody, Definition(s): n.: Every person.
Found on page(s): [53]

Asiatic - Asiatic, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Asia or to its inhabitants.; n.: A native or one of the people of Asia.
Found on page(s): [59]

mud, - mud,, Definition(s): n.: Earth and water mixed so as to be soft and adhesive.; v. t.: To bury in mud.; v. t.: To make muddy or turbid.
Found on page(s): [100]

"Eastern - "Eastern, Definition(s): a.: Situated or dwelling in the east; oriental; as an eastern gate; Eastern countries.; a.: Going toward the east or in the direction of east; as an eastern voyage.
Found on page(s): [73]

purpose - purpose, Definition(s): n.: That which a person sets before himself as an object to be reached or accomplished; the end or aim to which the view is directed in any plan measure or exertion; view; aim; design; intention; plan.; n.: Proposal to another; discourse.; n.: Instance; example.; v. t.: To set forth; to bring forward.; v. t.: To propose as an aim to one's self; to determine upon as some end or object to be accomplished; to intend; to design; to resolve; -- often followed by an infinitive or dependent clause.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention; to discourse.
Found on page(s): [24]

recovery - recovery, Definition(s): n.: The act of recovering regaining or retaking possession.; n.: Restoration from sickness weakness faintness or the like; restoration from a condition of mistortune of fright etc.; n.: The obtaining in a suit at law of a right to something by a verdict and judgment of court.; n.: The getting or gaining of something not previously had.; n.: In rowing the act of regaining the proper position for making a new stroke.
Found on page(s): [92]

RESORT, - RESORT,, Definition(s): n.: Active power or movement; spring.; v. i.: To go; to repair; to betake one's self.; v. i.: To fall back; to revert.; v. i.: To have recourse; to apply; to one's self for help relief or advantage.; v.: The act of going to or making application; a betaking one's self; the act of visiting or seeking; recourse; as a place of popular resort; -- often figuratively; as to have resort to force.; v.: A place to which one betakes himself habitually; a place of frequent assembly; a haunt.; v.: That to which one resorts or looks for help; resource; refuge.
Found on page(s): [62]

aggrandize - aggrandize, Definition(s): v. t.: To make great; to enlarge; to increase; as to aggrandize our conceptions authority distress.; v. t.: To make great or greater in power rank honor or wealth; -- applied to persons countries etc.; v. t.: To make appear great or greater; to exalt.; v. i.: To increase or become great.
Found on page(s): [18, 33]

carefully, - carefully,, Definition(s): adv.: In a careful manner.
Found on page(s): [45]

surmount - surmount, Definition(s): v. i.: To rise above; to be higher than; to overtop.; v. i.: To conquer; to overcome; as to surmount difficulties or obstacles.; v. i.: To surpass; to exceed.
Found on page(s): [102]

station - station, Definition(s): n.: The act of standing; also attitude or pose in standing; posture.; n.: A state of standing or rest; equilibrium.; n.: The spot or place where anything stands especially where a person or thing habitually stands or is appointed to remain for a time; as the station of a sentinel.; n.: A regular stopping place in a stage road or route; a place where railroad trains regularly come to a stand for the convenience of passengers taking in fuel moving freight etc.; n.: The headquarters of the police force of any precinct.; n.: The place at which an instrument is planted or observations are made as in surveying.; n.: The particular place or kind of situation in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat.; n.: A place to which ships may resort and where they may anchor safely.; n.: A place or region to which a government ship or fleet is assigned for duty.; n.: A place calculated for the rendezvous of troops or for the distribution of them; also a spot well adapted for offensive measures. Wilhelm (Mil. Dict.).; n.: An enlargement in a shaft or galley used as a landing or passing place or for the accomodation of a pump tank etc.; n.: Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment.; n.: Situation; position; location.; n.: State; rank; condition of life; social status.; n.: The fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week Wednesday and Friday in memory of the council which condemned Christ and of his passion.; n.: A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers.; n.: One of the places at which ecclesiastical processions pause for the performance of an act of devotion; formerly the tomb of a martyr or some similarly consecrated spot; now especially one of those representations of the successive stages of our Lord's passion which are often placed round the naves of large churches and by the side of the way leading to sacred edifices or shrines and which are visited in rotation stated services being performed at each; -- called also Station of the cross.; v. t.: To place; to set; to appoint or assign to the occupation of a post place or office; as to station troops on the right of an army; to station a sentinel on a rampart; to station ships on the coasts of Africa.
Found on page(s): [14, 16, 23, 42]

succeed, - succeed,, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow in order; to come next after; hence to take the place of; as the king's eldest son succeeds his father on the throne; autumn succeeds summer.; v. t.: To fall heir to; to inherit.; v. t.: To come after; to be subsequent or consequent to; to follow; to pursue.; v. t.: To support; to prosper; to promote.; v. i.: To come in the place of another person thing or event; to come next in the usual natural or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence to come next in the possession of anything; -- often with to.; v. i.: Specifically: To ascend the throne after the removal the death of the occupant.; v. i.: To descend as an estate or an heirloom in the same family; to devolve.; v. i.: To obtain the object desired; to accomplish what is attempted or intended; to have a prosperous issue or termination; to be successful; as he succeeded in his plans; his plans succeeded.; v. i.: To go under cover.
Found on page(s): [99]

continual - continual, Definition(s): a.: Proceeding without interruption or cesstaion; continuous; unceasing; lasting; abiding.; a.: Occuring in steady and rapid succession; very frequent; often repeated.
Found on page(s): [1, 43]

succeed. - succeed., Definition(s): v. t.: To follow in order; to come next after; hence to take the place of; as the king's eldest son succeeds his father on the throne; autumn succeeds summer.; v. t.: To fall heir to; to inherit.; v. t.: To come after; to be subsequent or consequent to; to follow; to pursue.; v. t.: To support; to prosper; to promote.; v. i.: To come in the place of another person thing or event; to come next in the usual natural or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence to come next in the possession of anything; -- often with to.; v. i.: Specifically: To ascend the throne after the removal the death of the occupant.; v. i.: To descend as an estate or an heirloom in the same family; to devolve.; v. i.: To obtain the object desired; to accomplish what is attempted or intended; to have a prosperous issue or termination; to be successful; as he succeeded in his plans; his plans succeeded.; v. i.: To go under cover.
Found on page(s): [13]

Adriatic - Adriatic, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to a sea so named the northwestern part of which is known as the Gulf of Venice.
Found on page(s): [83]

hill, - hill,, Definition(s): n.: A natural elevation of land or a mass of earth rising above the common level of the surrounding land; an eminence less than a mountain.; n.: The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill v. t.; v. t.: A single cluster or group of plants growing close together and having the earth heaped up about them; as a hill of corn or potatoes.; v. t.: To surround with earth; to heap or draw earth around or upon; as to hill corn.
Found on page(s): [43, 97]

stating - stating, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who states anything; statement; as the statingof one's opinions.
Found on page(s): [94]

reliance, - reliance,, Definition(s): n.: The act of relying or the condition or quality of being reliant; dependence; confidence; trust; repose of mind upon what is deemed sufficient support or authority.; n.: Anything on which to rely; dependence; ground of trust; as the boat was a poor reliance.
Found on page(s): [103]

confidence - confidence, Definition(s): n.: The act of confiding trusting or putting faith in; trust; reliance; belief; -- formerly followed by of now commonly by in.; n.: That in which faith is put or reliance had.; n.: The state of mind characterized by one's reliance on himself or his circumstances; a feeling of self-sufficiency; such assurance as leads to a feeling of security; self-reliance; -- often with self prefixed.; n.: Private conversation; (pl.) secrets shared; as there were confidences between them.; n.: Trustful; without fear or suspicion; frank; unreserved.; n.: Having self-reliance; bold; undaunted.; n.: Having an excess of assurance; bold to a fault; dogmatical; impudent; presumptuous.; n.: Giving occasion for confidence.
Found on page(s): [48, 96]

follow - follow, Definition(s): v. t.: To go or come after; to move behind in the same path or direction; hence to go with (a leader guide etc.); to accompany; to attend.; v. t.: To endeavor to overtake; to go in pursuit of; to chase; to pursue; to prosecute.; v. t.: To accept as authority; to adopt the opinions of; to obey; to yield to; to take as a rule of action; as to follow good advice.; v. t.: To copy after; to take as an example.; v. t.: To succeed in order of time rank or office.; v. t.: To result from as an effect from a cause or an inference from a premise.; v. t.: To watch as a receding object; to keep the eyes fixed upon while in motion; to keep the mind upon while in progress as a speech musical performance etc.; also to keep up with; to understand the meaning connection or force of as of a course of thought or argument.; v. t.: To walk in as a road or course; to attend upon closely as a profession or calling.; v. i.: To go or come after; -- used in the various senses of the transitive verb: To pursue; to attend; to accompany; to be a result; to imitate.
Found on page(s): [9, 14, 15, 23, 26, 43, 44, 47, 60, 61, 67, 73, 76, 77, 78, 99]

wilt - wilt, Definition(s): : 2d pers. sing. of Will.; v. i.: To begin to wither; to lose freshness and become flaccid as a plant when exposed when exposed to drought or to great heat in a dry day or when separated from its root; to droop;. to wither.; v. t.: To cause to begin to wither; to make flaccid as a green plant.; v. t.: Hence to cause to languish; to depress or destroy the vigor and energy of.
Found on page(s): [103]

ascendancy - ascendancy, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [18]

compliance - compliance, Definition(s): n.: The act of complying; a yielding; as to a desire demand or proposal; concession; submission.; n.: A disposition to yield to others; complaisance.
Found on page(s): [82]

treaty - treaty, Definition(s): n.: The act of treating for the adjustment of differences as for forming an agreement; negotiation.; n.: An agreement so made; specifically an agreement league or contract between two or more nations or sovereigns formally signed by commissioners properly authorized and solemnly ratified by the several sovereigns or the supreme power of each state; an agreement between two or more independent states; as a treaty of peace; a treaty of alliance.; n.: A proposal tending to an agreement.; n.: A treatise; a tract.
Found on page(s): [94]

dignity - dignity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being worthy or honorable; elevation of mind or character; true worth; excellence.; n.: Elevation; grandeur.; n.: Elevated rank; honorable station; high office political or ecclesiastical; degree of excellence; preferment; exaltation.; n.: Quality suited to inspire respect or reverence; loftiness and grace; impressiveness; stateliness; -- said of //en manner style etc.; n.: One holding high rank; a dignitary.; n.: Fundamental principle; axiom; maxim.
Found on page(s): [11, 59, 93, 96]

wild - wild, Definition(s): superl.: Living in a state of nature; inhabiting natural haunts as the forest or open field; not familiar with or not easily approached by man; not tamed or domesticated; as a wild boar; a wild ox; a wild cat.; superl.: Growing or produced without culture; growing or prepared without the aid and care of man; native; not cultivated; brought forth by unassisted nature or by animals not domesticated; as wild parsnip wild camomile wild strawberry wild honey.; superl.: Desert; not inhabited or cultivated; as wild land.; superl.: Savage; uncivilized; not refined by culture; ferocious; rude; as wild natives of Africa or America.; superl.: Not submitted to restraint training or regulation; turbulent; tempestuous; violent; ungoverned; licentious; inordinate; disorderly; irregular; fanciful; imaginary; visionary; crazy.; superl.: Exposed to the wind and sea; unsheltered; as a wild roadstead.; superl.: Indicating strong emotion intense excitement or /ewilderment; as a wild look.; superl.: Hard to steer; -- said of a vessel.; n.: An uninhabited and uncultivated tract or region; a forest or desert; a wilderness; a waste; as the wilds of America; the wilds of Africa.; adv.: Wildly; as to talk wild.
Found on page(s): [86]

numerous - numerous, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of a great number of units or individual objects; being many; as a numerous army.; a.: Consisting of poetic numbers; rhythmical; measured and counted; melodious; musical.
Found on page(s): [8, 21]

govern - govern, Definition(s): v. t.: To direct and control as the actions or conduct of men either by established laws or by arbitrary will; to regulate by authority.; v. t.: To regulate; to influence; to direct; to restrain; to manage; as to govern the life; to govern a horse.; v. t.: To require to be in a particular case; as a transitive verb governs a noun in the objective case; or to require (a particular case); as a transitive verb governs the objective case.; v. i.: To exercise authority; to administer the laws; to have the control.
Found on page(s): [11, 14, 73, 103]

arrive, - arrive,, Definition(s): v. i.: To come to the shore or bank. In present usage: To come in progress by water or by traveling on land; to reach by water or by land; -- followed by at (formerly sometimes by to) also by in and from.; v. i.: To reach a point by progressive motion; to gain or compass an object by effort practice study inquiry reasoning or experiment.; v. i.: To come; said of time; as the time arrived.; v. i.: To happen or occur.; v. t.: To bring to shore.; v. t.: To reach; to come to.; n.: Arrival.
Found on page(s): [83]

Therefore - Therefore, Definition(s): adv.: For that or this reason referring to something previously stated; for that.; adv.: Consequently; by consequence.
Found on page(s): [9, 16, 19, 29, 47, 50, 51, 52, 61, 70, 71, 75, 78, 84, 87, 94]

speak, - speak,, Definition(s): v. i.: To utter words or articulate sounds as human beings; to express thoughts by words; as the organs may be so obstructed that a man may not be able to speak.; v. i.: To express opinions; to say; to talk; to converse.; v. i.: To utter a speech discourse or harangue; to adress a public assembly formally.; v. i.: To discourse; to make mention; to tell.; v. i.: To give sound; to sound.; v. i.: To convey sentiments ideas or intelligence as if by utterance; as features that speak of self-will.; v. t.: To utter with the mouth; to pronounce; to utter articulately as human beings.; v. t.: To utter in a word or words; to say; to tell; to declare orally; as to speak the truth; to speak sense.; v. t.: To declare; to proclaim; to publish; to make known; to exhibit; to express in any way.; v. t.: To talk or converse in; to utter or pronounce as in conversation; as to speak Latin.; v. t.: To address; to accost; to speak to.
Found on page(s): [32, 70, 88]

youth - youth, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being young; youthfulness; juvenility.; n.: The part of life that succeeds to childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life from childhood or sometimes from infancy to manhood.; n.: A young person; especially a young man.; n.: Young persons collectively.
Found on page(s): [24]

hurt. - hurt., Definition(s): n.: A band on a trip-hammer helve bearing the trunnions.; n.: A husk. See Husk 2.; v. t.: To cause physical pain to; to do bodily harm to; to wound or bruise painfully.; v. t.: To impar the value usefulness beauty or pleasure of; to damage; to injure; to harm.; v. t.: To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve.
Found on page(s): [6]

tempest), - tempest),, Definition(s): n.: An extensive current of wind rushing with great velocity and violence and commonly attended with rain hail or snow; a furious storm.; n.: Fig.: Any violent tumult or commotion; as a political tempest; a tempest of war or of the passions.; n.: A fashionable assembly; a drum. See the Note under Drum n. 4.; v. t.: To disturb as by a tempest.; v. i.: To storm.
Found on page(s): [73]

master, - master,, Definition(s): n.: A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as a two-master.; n.: A male person having another living being so far subject to his will that he can in the main control his or its actions; -- formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign prince or feudal noble; a chief or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute -- especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or other supernatural being.; n.: One who uses or controls at will anything inanimate; as to be master of one's time.; n.: One who has attained great skill in the use or application of anything; as a master of oratorical art.; n.: A title given by courtesy now commonly pronounced mister except when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister but usually abbreviated to Mr.; n.: A young gentleman; a lad or small boy.; n.: The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain. Also a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign and below lieutenant; formerly an officer on a man-of-war who had immediate charge under the commander of sailing the vessel.; n.: A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons esp. the presiding officer; also a person holding a similar office in other civic societies.; v. t.: To become the master of; to subject to one's will control or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.; v. t.: To gain the command of so as to understand or apply; to become an adept in; as to master a science.; v. t.: To own; to posses.; v. i.: To be skillful; to excel.
Found on page(s): [35]

barbarity. - barbarity., Definition(s): n.: The state or manner of a barbarian; lack of civilization.; n.: Cruelty; ferociousness; inhumanity.; n.: A barbarous or cruel act.; n.: Barbarism; impurity of speech.
Found on page(s): [60]

inception. - inception., Definition(s): n.: Beginning; commencement; initiation.; n.: Reception; a taking in.
Found on page(s): [94]

dura, - dura,, Definition(s): n.: Short form for Dura mater.
Found on page(s): [48]

victor - victor, Definition(s): n.: The winner in a contest; one who gets the better of another in any struggle; esp. one who defeats an enemy in battle; a vanquisher; a conqueror; -- often followed by art rarely by of.; n.: A destroyer.; a.: Victorious.
Found on page(s): [67]

sovereignty - sovereignty, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being sovereign or of being a sovereign; the exercise of or right to exercise supreme power; dominion; sway; supremacy; independence; also that which is sovereign; a sovereign state; as Italy was formerly divided into many sovereignties.
Found on page(s): [27]

drinking, - drinking,, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who drinks; the act of imbibing.; n.: The practice of partaking to excess of intoxicating liquors.; n.: An entertainment with liquors; a carousal.
Found on page(s): [30]

prison - prison, Definition(s): n.: A place where persons are confined or restrained of personal liberty; hence a place or state o/ confinement restraint or safe custody.; n.: Specifically a building for the safe custody or confinement of criminals and others committed by lawful authority.; v. t.: To imprison; to shut up in or as in a prison; to confine; to restrain from liberty.; v. t.: To bind (together); to enchain.
Found on page(s): [94, 107]

sister - sister, Definition(s): n.: A female who has the same parents with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother.; n.: A woman who is closely allied to or assocciated with another person as in the sdame faith society order or community.; n.: One of the same kind or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as sister fruits.; v. t.: To be sister to; to resemble closely.
Found on page(s): [86]

repute, - repute,, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold in thought; to account; to estimate; to hold; to think; to reckon.; n.: Character reputed or attributed; reputation whether good or bad; established opinion; public estimate.; n.: Specifically: Good character or reputation; credit or honor derived from common or public opinion; -- opposed to disrepute.
Found on page(s): [31]

defend, - defend,, Definition(s): v. t.: To ward or fend off; to drive back or away; to repel.; v. t.: To prohibit; to forbid.; v. t.: To repel danger or harm from; to protect; to secure against; attack; to maintain against force or argument; to uphold; to guard; as to defend a town; to defend a cause; to defend character; to defend the absent; -- sometimes followed by from or against; as to defend one's self from or against one's enemies.; v. t.: To deny the right of the plaintiff in regard to (the suit or the wrong charged); to oppose or resist as a claim at law; to contest as a suit.
Found on page(s): [38, 82]

thus - thus, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [2, 8, 16, 26, 28, 33, 38, 41, 45, 46, 55, 64, 65, 66, 69, 70, 71, 77, 80, 82, 84, 86, 90, 94, 96, 97, 101, 102, 106]

Consider - Consider, Definition(s): v. t.: To fix the mind on with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on.; v. t.: To look at attentively; to observe; to examine.; v. t.: To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.; v. t.: To estimate; to think; to regard; to view.; v. i.: To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate.; v. i.: To hesitate.
Found on page(s): [75]

possess - possess, Definition(s): v. t.: To occupy in person; to hold or actually have in one's own keeping; to have and to hold.; v. t.: To have the legal title to; to have a just right to; to be master of; to own; to have; as to possess property an estate a book.; v. t.: To obtain occupation or possession of; to accomplish; to gain; to seize.; v. t.: To enter into and influence; to control the will of; to fill; to affect; -- said especially of evil spirits passions etc.; v. t.: To put in possession; to make the owner or holder of property power knowledge etc.; to acquaint; to inform; -- followed by of or with before the thing possessed and now commonly used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [45, 60, 103]

neutral - neutral, Definition(s): a.: Not engaged on either side; not taking part with or assisting either of two or more contending parties; neuter; indifferent.; a.: Neither good nor bad; of medium quality; middling; not decided or pronounced.; a.: Neuter. See Neuter a. 3.; a.: Having neither acid nor basic properties; unable to turn red litmus blue or blue litmus red; -- said of certain salts or other compounds. Contrasted with acid and alkaline.; n.: A person or a nation that takes no part in a contest between others; one who is neutral.
Found on page(s): [67]

Knowing - Knowing, Definition(s): a.: Skilful; well informed; intelligent; as a knowing man; a knowing dog.; a.: Artful; cunning; as a knowing rascal.; n.: Knowledge; hence experience.
Found on page(s): [58]

lion - lion, Definition(s): n.: A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo) found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male in most varieties has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length however is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety called the maneless lion the male has only a slight mane.; n.: A sign and a constellation; Leo.; n.: An object of interest and curiosity especially a person who is so regarded; as he was quite a lion in London at that time.
Found on page(s): [51, 59]

apparent - apparent, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being seen or easily seen; open to view; visible to the eye; within sight or view.; a.: Clear or manifest to the understanding; plain; evident; obvious; known; palpable; indubitable.; a.: Appearing to the eye or mind (distinguished from but not necessarily opposed to true or real); seeming; as the apparent motion or diameter of the sun.; n.: An heir apparent.
Found on page(s): [68, 81]

seizing - seizing, Definition(s): n.: The act of taking or grasping suddenly.; n.: The operation of fastening together or lashing.; n.: The cord or lashing used for such fastening.
Found on page(s): [4, 11, 26, 49]

conclude, - conclude,, Definition(s): v. t.: To shut up; to inclose.; v. t.: To include; to comprehend; to shut up together; to embrace.; v. t.: To reach as an end of reasoning; to infer as from premises; to close as an argument by inferring; -- sometimes followed by a dependent clause.; v. t.: To make a final determination or judgment concerning; to judge; to decide.; v. t.: To bring to an end; to close; to finish.; v. t.: To bring about as a result; to effect; to make; as to conclude a bargain.; v. t.: To shut off; to restrain; to limit; to estop; to bar; -- generally in the passive; as the defendant is concluded by his own plea; a judgment concludes the introduction of further evidence argument.; v. i.: To come to a termination; to make an end; to close; to end; to terminate.; v. i.: To form a final judgment; to reach a decision.
Found on page(s): [42, 75]

presumption - presumption, Definition(s): n.: The act of presuming or believing upon probable evidence; the act of assuming or taking for granted; belief upon incomplete proof.; n.: Ground for presuming; evidence probable but not conclusive; strong probability; reasonable supposition; as the presumption is that an event has taken place.; n.: That which is presumed or assumed; that which is supposed or believed to be real or true on evidence that is probable but not conclusive.; n.: The act of venturing beyond due beyond due bounds; an overstepping of the bounds of reverence respect or courtesy; forward overconfident or arrogant opinion or conduct; presumptuousness; arrogance; effrontery.
Found on page(s): [1]

wind - wind, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn completely or with repeated turns; especially to turn about something fixed; to cause to form convolutions about anything; to coil; to twine; to twist; to wreathe; as to wind thread on a spool or into a ball.; v. t.: To entwist; to infold; to encircle.; v. t.: To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter or will; to regulate; to govern.; v. t.: To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate.; v. t.: To cover or surround with something coiled about; as to wind a rope with twine.; v. i.: To turn completely or repeatedly; to become coiled about anything; to assume a convolved or spiral form; as vines wind round a pole.; v. i.: To have a circular course or direction; to crook; to bend; to meander; as to wind in and out among trees.; v. i.: To go to the one side or the other; to move this way and that; to double on one's course; as a hare pursued turns and winds.; n.: The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist; a winding.; n.: Air naturally in motion with any degree of velocity; a current of air.; n.: Air artificially put in motion by any force or action; as the wind of a cannon ball; the wind of a bellows.; n.: Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs or by an instrument.; n.: Power of respiration; breath.; n.: Air or gas generated in the stomach or bowels; flatulence; as to be troubled with wind.; n.: Air impregnated with an odor or scent.; n.: A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass; especially one of the cardinal points which are often called the four winds.; n.: A disease of sheep in which the intestines are distended with air or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing.; n.: Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words.; n.: The dotterel.; v. t.: To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate.; v. t.: To perceive or follow by the scent; to scent; to nose; as the hounds winded the game.; v. t.: To drive hard or force to violent exertion as a horse so as to render scant of wind; to put out of breath.; v. t.: To rest as a horse in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe.; v. t.: To blow; to sound by blowing; esp. to sound with prolonged and mutually involved notes.
Found on page(s): [102]

humble - humble, Definition(s): superl.: Near the ground; not high or lofty; not pretentious or magnificent; unpretending; unassuming; as a humble cottage.; superl.: Thinking lowly of one's self; claiming little for one's self; not proud arrogant or assuming; thinking one's self ill-deserving or unworthy when judged by the demands of God; lowly; waek; modest.; a.: Hornless. See Hummel.; v. t.: To bring low; to reduce the power independence or exaltation of; to lower; to abase; to humilate.; v. t.: To make humble or lowly in mind; to abase the pride or arrogance of; to reduce the self-sufficiently of; to make meek and submissive; -- often used rexlexively.
Found on page(s): [1, 9, 75]

folly - folly, Definition(s): n.: The state of being foolish; want of good sense; levity weakness or derangement of mind.; n.: A foolish act; an inconsiderate or thoughtless procedure; weak or light-minded conduct; foolery.; n.: Scandalous crime; sin; specifically as applied to a woman wantonness.; n.: The result of a foolish action or enterprise.
Found on page(s): [9]

flight - flight, Definition(s): n.: The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.; n.: The act of fleeing; the act of running away to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.; n.: Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as a flight of imagination ambition folly.; n.: A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as a flight of arrows.; n.: A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.; n.: A kind of arrow for the longbow; also the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.; n.: The husk or glume of oats.
Found on page(s): [73, 91]

defence - defence, Definition(s): n. & v. t.: See Defense.; n.: The act of defending or the state of being defended; protection as from violence or danger.; n.: That which defends or protects; anything employed to oppose attack ward off violence or danger or maintain security; a guard; a protection.; n.: Protecting plea; vindication; justification.; n.: The defendant's answer or plea; an opposing or denial of the truth or validity of the plaintiff's or prosecutor's case; the method of proceeding adopted by the defendant to protect himself against the plaintiff's action.; n.: Act or skill in making defense; defensive plan or policy; practice in self defense as in fencing boxing etc.; n.: Prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.
Found on page(s): [32, 34, 72, 98]

ahead - ahead, Definition(s): adv.: In or to the front; in advance; onward.; adv.: Headlong; without restraint.
Found on page(s): [97]

lad, - lad,, Definition(s): : p. p. of Lead to guide.; n.: A boy; a youth; a stripling.; n.: A companion; a comrade; a mate.
Found on page(s): [88]

"Florentine - "Florentine, Definition(s): a.: Belonging or relating to Florence in Italy.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Florence a city in Italy.; n.: A kind of silk.; n.: A kind of pudding or tart; a kind of meat pie.
Found on page(s): [29]

resolved - resolved, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having a fixed purpose; determined; resolute; -- usually placed after its noun; as a man resolved to be rich.
Found on page(s): [24, 59, 70, 81]

merciful - merciful, Definition(s): a.: Full of mercy; having or exercising mercy; disposed to pity and spare offenders; unwilling to punish.; a.: Unwilling to give pain; compassionate.
Found on page(s): [47]

adduce - adduce, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward or offer as an argument passage or consideration which bears on a statement or case; to cite; to allege.
Found on page(s): [14, 18, 70]

hostile. - hostile., Definition(s): a.: Belonging or appropriate to an enemy; showing the disposition of an enemy; showing ill will and malevolence or a desire to thwart and injure; occupied by an enemy or enemies; inimical; unfriendly; as a hostile force; hostile intentions; a hostile country; hostile to a sudden change.; n.: An enemy; esp. an American Indian in arms against the whites; -- commonly in the plural.
Found on page(s): [29]

union - union, Definition(s): n.: The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one or the state of being united or joined; junction; coalition; combination.; n.: Agreement and conjunction of mind spirit will affections or the like; harmony; concord.; n.: That which is united or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league; as the weavers have formed a union; trades unions have become very numerous; the United States of America are often called the Union.; n.: A textile fabric composed of two or more materials as cotton silk wool etc. woven together.; n.: A large fine pearl.; n.: A device emblematic of union used on a national flag or ensign sometimes as in the military standard of Great Britain covering the whole field; sometimes as in the flag of the United States and the English naval and marine flag occupying the upper inner corner the rest of the flag being called the fly. Also a flag having such a device; especially the flag of Great Britain.; n.: A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery or the like as the elastic pipe of a tender connecting it with the feed pipe of a locomotive engine; especially a pipe fitting for connecting pipes or pipes and fittings in such a way as to facilitate disconnection.; n.: A cask suspended on trunnions in which fermentation is carried on.
Found on page(s): [32]

hostile, - hostile,, Definition(s): a.: Belonging or appropriate to an enemy; showing the disposition of an enemy; showing ill will and malevolence or a desire to thwart and injure; occupied by an enemy or enemies; inimical; unfriendly; as a hostile force; hostile intentions; a hostile country; hostile to a sudden change.; n.: An enemy; esp. an American Indian in arms against the whites; -- commonly in the plural.
Found on page(s): [6, 53, 63, 72]

devotion, - devotion,, Definition(s): n.: The act of devoting; consecration.; n.: The state of being devoted; addiction; eager inclination; strong attachment love or affection; zeal; especially feelings toward God appropriately expressed by acts of worship; devoutness.; n.: Act of devotedness or devoutness; manifestation of strong attachment; act of worship; prayer.; n.: Disposal; power of disposal.; n.: A thing consecrated; an object of devotion.
Found on page(s): [79]

foliage - foliage, Definition(s): n.: Leaves collectively as produced or arranged by nature; leafage; as a tree or forest of beautiful foliage.; n.: A cluster of leaves flowers and branches; especially the representation of leaves flowers and branches in architecture intended to ornament and enrich capitals friezes pediments etc.; v. t.: To adorn with foliage or the imitation of foliage; to form into the representation of leaves.
Found on page(s): [105]

Pontiff, - Pontiff,, Definition(s): n.: A high priest.; n.: One of the sacred college in ancient Rome which had the supreme jurisdiction over all matters of religion at the head of which was the Pontifex Maximus.; n.: The chief priest.; n.: The pope.
Found on page(s): [32]

approach, - approach,, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or go near in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer.; v. i.: To draw near in a figurative sense; to make advances; to approximate; as he approaches to the character of the ablest statesman.; v. t.: To bring near; to cause to draw near; to advance.; v. t.: To come near to in place time or character; to draw nearer to; as to approach the city; to approach my cabin; he approached the age of manhood.; v. t.: To take approaches to.; v. i.: The act of drawing near; a coming or advancing near.; v. i.: A access or opportunity of drawing near.; v. i.: Movements to gain favor; advances.; v. i.: A way passage or avenue by which a place or buildings can be approached; an access.; v. i.: The advanced works trenches or covered roads made by besiegers in their advances toward a fortress or military post.; v. i.: See Approaching.
Found on page(s): [7]

Imperial - Imperial, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to an empire or to an emperor; as an imperial government; imperial authority or edict.; a.: Belonging to or suitable to supreme authority or one who wields it; royal; sovereign; supreme.; a.: Of superior or unusual size or excellence; as imperial paper; imperial tea etc.; n.: The tuft of hair on a man's lower lip and chin; -- so called from the style of beard of Napoleon III.; n.: An outside seat on a diligence.; n.: A luggage case on the top of a coach.; n.: Anything of unusual size or excellence as a large decanter a kind of large photograph a large sheet of drowing printing or writing paper etc.; n.: A gold coin of Russia worth ten rubles or about eight dollars.; n.: A kind of fine cloth brought into England from Greece. or other Eastern countries in the Middle Ages.
Found on page(s): [92]

disguise - disguise, Definition(s): v. t.: To change the guise or appearance of; especially to conceal by an unusual dress or one intended to mislead or deceive.; v. t.: To hide by a counterfeit appearance; to cloak by a false show; to mask; as to disguise anger; to disguise one's sentiments character or intentions.; v. t.: To affect or change by liquor; to intoxicate.; n.: A dress or exterior put on for purposes of concealment or of deception; as persons doing unlawful acts in disguise are subject to heavy penalties.; n.: Artificial language or manner assumed for deception; false appearance; counterfeit semblance or show.; n.: Change of manner by drink; intoxication.; n.: A masque or masquerade.
Found on page(s): [51]

yours - yours, Definition(s): pron.: See the Note under Your.
Found on page(s): [47, 48, 107]

imperial - imperial, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to an empire or to an emperor; as an imperial government; imperial authority or edict.; a.: Belonging to or suitable to supreme authority or one who wields it; royal; sovereign; supreme.; a.: Of superior or unusual size or excellence; as imperial paper; imperial tea etc.; n.: The tuft of hair on a man's lower lip and chin; -- so called from the style of beard of Napoleon III.; n.: An outside seat on a diligence.; n.: A luggage case on the top of a coach.; n.: Anything of unusual size or excellence as a large decanter a kind of large photograph a large sheet of drowing printing or writing paper etc.; n.: A gold coin of Russia worth ten rubles or about eight dollars.; n.: A kind of fine cloth brought into England from Greece. or other Eastern countries in the Middle Ages.
Found on page(s): [60, 93]

discuss - discuss, Definition(s): v. t.: To break to pieces; to shatter.; v. t.: To break up; to disperse; to scatter; to dissipate; to drive away; -- said especially of tumors.; v. t.: To shake; to put away; to finish.; v. t.: To examine in detail or by disputation; to reason upon by presenting favorable and adverse considerations; to debate; to sift; to investigate; to ventilate.; v. t.: To deal with in eating or drinking.; v. t.: To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 15, 16, 18, 23, 24, 32, 34, 37, 53, 60]

liberal - liberal, Definition(s): a.: Free by birth; hence befitting a freeman or gentleman; refined; noble; independent; free; not servile or mean; as a liberal ancestry; a liberal spirit; liberal arts or studies.; a.: Bestowing in a large and noble way as a freeman; generous; bounteous; open-handed; as a liberal giver.; a.: Bestowed in a large way; hence more than sufficient; abundant; bountiful; ample; profuse; as a liberal gift; a liberal discharge of matter or of water.; a.: Not strict or rigorous; not confined or restricted to the literal sense; free; as a liberal translation of a classic or a liberal construction of law or of language.; a.: Not narrow or contracted in mind; not selfish; enlarged in spirit; catholic.; a.: Free to excess; regardless of law or moral restraint; licentious.; a.: Not bound by orthodox tenets or established forms in political or religious philosophy; independent in opinion; not conservative; friendly to great freedom in the constitution or administration of government; having tendency toward democratic or republican as distinguished from monarchical or aristocratic forms; as liberal thinkers; liberal Christians; the Liberal party.; n.: One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters; an opponent of the established systems; a reformer; in English politics a member of the Liberal party so called. Cf. Whig.
Found on page(s): [45]

acceptable - acceptable, Definition(s): a.: Capable worthy or sure of being accepted or received with pleasure; pleasing to a receiver; gratifying; agreeable; welcome; as an acceptable present one acceptable to us.
Found on page(s): [59]

correct - correct, Definition(s): a.: Set right or made straight; hence conformable to truth rectitude or propriety or to a just standard; not faulty or imperfect; free from error; as correct behavior; correct views.; v. t.: To make right; to bring to the standard of truth justice or propriety; to rectify; as to correct manners or principles.; v. t.: To remove or retrench the faults or errors of; to amend; to set right; as to correct the proof (that is to mark upon the margin the changes to be made or to make in the type the changes so marked).; v. t.: To bring back or attempt to bring back to propriety in morals; to reprove or punish for faults or deviations from moral rectitude; to chastise; to discipline; as a child should be corrected for lying.; v. t.: To counteract the qualities of one thing by those of another; -- said of whatever is wrong or injurious; as to correct the acidity of the stomach by alkaline preparations.
Found on page(s): [50]

sharply - sharply, Definition(s): adv.: In a sharp manner; keenly; acutely.
Found on page(s): [104, 106]

LIVED - LIVED, Definition(s): a.: Having life; -- used only in composition; as long-lived; short-lived.
Found on page(s): [13]

fate. - fate., Definition(s): n.: A fixed decree by which the order of things is prescribed; the immutable law of the universe; inevitable necessity; the force by which all existence is determined and conditioned.; n.: Appointed lot; allotted life; arranged or predetermined event; destiny; especially the final lot; doom; ruin; death.; n.: The element of chance in the affairs of life; the unforeseen and unestimated conitions considered as a force shaping events; fortune; esp. opposing circumstances against which it is useless to struggle; as fate was or the fates were against him.; n.: The three goddesses Clotho Lachesis and Atropos sometimes called the Destinies or Parcaewho were supposed to determine the course of human life. They are represented one as holding the distaff a second as spinning and the third as cutting off the thread.
Found on page(s): [66]

Marquess - Marquess, Definition(s): n.: A marquis.
Found on page(s): [8]

imitate - imitate, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow as a pattern model or example; to copy or strive to copy in acts manners etc.; v. t.: To produce a semblance or likeness of in form character color qualities conduct manners and the like; to counterfeit; to copy.; v. t.: To resemble (another species of animal or a plant or inanimate object) in form color ornamentation or instinctive habits so as to derive an advantage thereby; sa when a harmless snake imitates a venomous one in color and manner or when an odorless insect imitates in color one having secretion offensive to birds.
Found on page(s): [14, 44, 61]

wish - wish, Definition(s): v. t.: To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker.; v. t.: To desire; to long for; to hanker after; to have a mind or disposition toward.; v. t.: To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of or against any one; to attribute or cal down in desire; to invoke; to imprecate.; v. t.: To recommend; to seek confidence or favor in behalf of.; n.: Desire; eager desire; longing.; n.: Expression of desire; request; petition; hence invocation or imprecation.; n.: A thing desired; an object of desire.
Found on page(s): [9, 12, 13, 14, 16, 18, 22, 27, 29, 35, 37, 39, 40, 43, 45, 48, 53, 58, 60, 70, 73, 75, 82, 105, 106]

incredulity - incredulity, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being i/credulous; a withholding or refusal of belief; skepticism; unbelief; disbelief.
Found on page(s): [15]

wise - wise, Definition(s): v.: Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned.; v.: Hence especially making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.; v.: Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically skilled in divination.; v.: Hence prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty.; v.: Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination.; v.: Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
Found on page(s): [7, 14, 16, 18, 29, 31, 40, 42, 44, 46, 50, 51, 56, 63, 70, 71, 73, 76, 91, 105]

ambition - ambition, Definition(s): n.: The act of going about to solicit or obtain an office or any other object of desire; canvassing.; n.: An eager and sometimes an inordinate desire for preferment honor superiority power or the attainment of something.; v. t.: To seek after ambitiously or eagerly; to covet.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 9, 36, 54, 56, 57, 94]

murder - murder, Definition(s): n.: The offense of killing a human being with malice prepense or aforethought express or implied; intentional and unlawful homicide.; n.: To kill with premediated malice; to kill (a human being) willfully deliberately and unlawfully. See Murder n.; n.: To destroy; to put an end to.; n.: To mutilate spoil or deform as if with malice or cruelty; to mangle; as to murder the king's English.
Found on page(s): [36, 59]

numberless, - numberless,, Definition(s): a.: Innumerable; countless.
Found on page(s): [46]

monarchy - monarchy, Definition(s): n.: A state or government in which the supreme power is lodged in the hands of a monarch.; n.: A system of government in which the chief ruler is a monarch.; n.: The territory ruled over by a monarch; a kingdom.
Found on page(s): [11]

pounced - pounced, Definition(s): a.: Furnished with claws or talons; as the pounced young of the eagle.; a.: Ornamented with perforations or dots.
Found on page(s): [21]

apparel, - apparel,, Definition(s): n.: External clothing; vesture; garments; dress; garb; external habiliments or array.; n.: A small ornamental piece of embroidery worn on albs and some other ecclesiastical vestments.; n.: The furniture of a ship as masts sails rigging anchors guns etc.; v. t.: To make or get (something) ready; to prepare.; v. t.: To furnish with apparatus; to equip; to fit out.; v. t.: To dress or clothe; to attire.; v. t.: To dress with external ornaments; to cover with something ornamental; to deck; to embellish; as trees appareled with flowers or a garden with verdure.
Found on page(s): [20]

kind-- - kind--, Definition(s): superl.: Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.; superl.: Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as a kind man; a kind heart.; superl.: Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious.; superl.: Proceeding from or characterized by goodness gentleness or benevolence; as a kind act.; superl.: Gentle; tractable; easily governed; as a horse kind in harness.; a.: Nature; natural instinct or disposition.; a.: Race; genus; species; generic class; as in mankind or humankind.; a.: Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class; as there are several kinds of eloquence of style and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil etc.; v. t.: To beget.
Found on page(s): [68]

lace - lace, Definition(s): n.: That which binds or holds especially by being interwoven; a string cord or band usually one passing through eyelet or other holes and used in drawing and holding together parts of a garment of a shoe of a machine belt etc.; n.: A snare or gin especially one made of interwoven cords; a net.; n.: A fabric of fine threads of linen silk cotton etc. often ornamented with figures; a delicate tissue of thread much worn as an ornament of dress.; n.: Spirits added to coffee or some other beverage.; v. t.: To fasten with a lace; to draw together with a lace passed through eyelet holes; to unite with a lace or laces or figuratively. with anything resembling laces.; v. t.: To adorn with narrow strips or braids of some decorative material; as cloth laced with silver.; v. t.: To beat; to lash; to make stripes on.; v. t.: To add spirits to (a beverage).; v. i.: To be fastened with a lace or laces; as these boots lace.
Found on page(s): [106]

hardship, - hardship,, Definition(s): n.: That which is hard to hear as toil privation injury injustice etc.
Found on page(s): [6]

enormous - enormous, Definition(s): a.: Exceeding the usual rule norm or measure; out of due proportion; inordinate; abnormal.; a.: Exceedingly wicked; outrageous; atrocious; monstrous; as an enormous crime.
Found on page(s): [49, 99]

earthen - earthen, Definition(s): a.: Made of earth; made of burnt or baked clay or other like substances; as an earthen vessel or pipe.
Found on page(s): [106]

sloth - sloth, Definition(s): n.: Slowness; tardiness.; n.: Disinclination to action or labor; sluggishness; laziness; idleness.; n.: Any one of several species of arboreal edentates constituting the family Bradypodidae and the suborder Tardigrada. They have long exserted limbs and long prehensile claws. Both jaws are furnished with teeth (see Illust. of Edentata) and the ears and tail are rudimentary. They inhabit South and Central America and Mexico.; v. i.: To be idle.
Found on page(s): [58]

strange - strange, Definition(s): superl.: Belonging to another country; foreign.; superl.: Of or pertaining to others; not one's own; not pertaining to one's self; not domestic.; superl.: Not before known heard or seen; new.; superl.: Not according to the common way; novel; odd; unusual; irregular; extraordinary; unnatural; queer.; superl.: Reserved; distant in deportment.; superl.: Backward; slow.; superl.: Not familiar; unaccustomed; inexperienced.; adv.: Strangely.; v. t.: To alienate; to estrange.; v. i.: To be estranged or alienated.; v. i.: To wonder; to be astonished.
Found on page(s): [106]

lack - lack, Definition(s): n.: Blame; cause of blame; fault; crime; offense.; n.: Deficiency; want; need; destitution; failure; as a lack of sufficient food.; v. t.: To blame; to find fault with.; v. t.: To be without or destitute of; to want; to need.; v. i.: To be wanting; often impersonally with of meaning to be less than short not quite etc.; v. i.: To be in want.; interj.: Exclamation of regret or surprise.
Found on page(s): [82]

external - external, Definition(s): a.: Outward; exterior; relating to the outside as of a body; being without; acting from without; -- opposed to internal; as the external form or surface of a body.; a.: Outside of or separate from ourselves; (Metaph.) separate from the perceiving mind.; a.: Outwardly perceptible; visible; physical or corporeal as distinguished from mental or moral.; a.: Not intrinsic nor essential; accidental; accompanying; superficial.; a.: Foreign; relating to or connected with foreign nations; as external trade or commerce; the external relations of a state or kingdom.; a.: Away from the mesial plane of the body; lateral.; n.: Something external or without; outward part; that which makes a show rather than that which is intrinsic; visible form; -- usually in the plural.
Found on page(s): [26, 54]

circumstance - circumstance, Definition(s): n.: That which attends or relates to or in some way affects a fact or event; an attendant thing or state of things.; n.: An event; a fact; a particular incident.; n.: Circumlocution; detail.; n.: Condition in regard to worldly estate; state of property; situation; surroundings.; v. t.: To place in a particular situation; to supply relative incidents.
Found on page(s): [30, 84]

success - success, Definition(s): n.: Act of succeeding; succession.; n.: That which comes after; hence consequence issue or result of an endeavor or undertaking whether good or bad; the outcome of effort.; n.: The favorable or prosperous termination of anything attempted; the attainment of a proposed object; prosperous issue.; n.: That which meets with or one who accomplishes favorable results as a play or a player.
Found on page(s): [16, 86]

authority - authority, Definition(s): n.: Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as the authority of a prince over subjects and of parents over children; the authority of a court.; n.: Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as the local authorities of the States; the military authorities.; n.: The power derived from opinion respect or esteem; influence of character office or station or mental or moral superiority and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.; n.: That which or one who is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions actions measures etc.; n.: Testimony; witness.; n.: A precedent; a decision of a court an official declaration or an opinion saying or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent.; n.: A book containing such a statement or opinion or the author of the book.; n.: Justification; warrant.
Found on page(s): [8, 12, 28, 37, 39, 57, 65, 87, 89, 93]

agility - agility, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being agile; the power of moving the limbs quickly and easily; nimbleness; activity; quickness of motion; as strength and agility of body.; n.: Activity; powerful agency.
Found on page(s): [78]

govern. - govern., Definition(s): v. t.: To direct and control as the actions or conduct of men either by established laws or by arbitrary will; to regulate by authority.; v. t.: To regulate; to influence; to direct; to restrain; to manage; as to govern the life; to govern a horse.; v. t.: To require to be in a particular case; as a transitive verb governs a noun in the objective case; or to require (a particular case); as a transitive verb governs the objective case.; v. i.: To exercise authority; to administer the laws; to have the control.
Found on page(s): [46]

divided - divided, Definition(s): a.: Parted; disunited; distributed.; a.: Cut into distinct parts by incisions which reach the midrib; -- said of a leaf.
Found on page(s): [9, 32, 37, 63, 68, 93, 100]

avenge - avenge, Definition(s): v. t.: To take vengeance for; to exact satisfaction for by punishing the injuring party; to vindicate by inflicting pain or evil on a wrongdoer.; v. t.: To treat revengefully; to wreak vengeance on.; v. i.: To take vengeance.; n.: Vengeance; revenge.
Found on page(s): [6, 58]

soldiery, - soldiery,, Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [16, 40]

possession, - possession,, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of possessing or holding as one's own.; n.: The having holding or detention of property in one's power or command; actual seizin or occupancy; ownership whether rightful or wrongful.; n.: The thing possessed; that which any one occupies owns or controls; in the plural property in the aggregate; wealth; dominion; as foreign possessions.; n.: The state of being possessed or controlled as by an evil spirit or violent passions; madness; frenzy; as demoniacal possession.; v. t.: To invest with property.
Found on page(s): [31, 72]

soldiery. - soldiery., Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [49]

slow, - slow,, Definition(s): : imp. of Slee to slay. Slew.; superl.: Moving a short space in a relatively long time; not swift; not quick in motion; not rapid; moderate; deliberate; as a slow stream; a slow motion.; superl.: Not happening in a short time; gradual; late.; superl.: Not ready; not prompt or quick; dilatory; sluggish; as slow of speech and slow of tongue.; superl.: Not hasty; not precipitate; acting with deliberation; tardy; inactive.; superl.: Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time; as the clock or watch is slow.; superl.: Not advancing or improving rapidly; as the slow growth of arts and sciences.; superl.: Heavy in wit; not alert prompt or spirited; wearisome; dull.; adv.: Slowly.; v. t.: To render slow; to slacken the speed of; to retard; to delay; as to slow a steamer.; v. i.: To go slower; -- often with up; as the train slowed up before crossing the bridge.; n.: A moth.
Found on page(s): [103]

wisdom - wisdom, Definition(s): a.: The quality of being wise; knowledge and the capacity to make due use of it; knowledge of the best ends and the best means; discernment and judgment; discretion; sagacity; skill; dexterity.; a.: The results of wise judgments; scientific or practical truth; acquired knowledge; erudition.
Found on page(s): [32, 41, 71, 73, 75, 86]

CRUELTY - CRUELTY, Definition(s): n.: The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.; n.: A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Found on page(s): [47]

fatal - fatal, Definition(s): a.: Proceeding from or appointed by fate or destiny; necessary; inevitable.; a.: Foreboding death or great disaster.; a.: Causing death or destruction; deadly; mortal; destructive; calamitous; as a fatal wound; a fatal disease; a fatal day; a fatal error.
Found on page(s): [61]

affability, - affability,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being affable; readiness to converse; courteousness in receiving others and in conversation; complaisant behavior.
Found on page(s): [44]

possession; - possession;, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of possessing or holding as one's own.; n.: The having holding or detention of property in one's power or command; actual seizin or occupancy; ownership whether rightful or wrongful.; n.: The thing possessed; that which any one occupies owns or controls; in the plural property in the aggregate; wealth; dominion; as foreign possessions.; n.: The state of being possessed or controlled as by an evil spirit or violent passions; madness; frenzy; as demoniacal possession.; v. t.: To invest with property.
Found on page(s): [12]

victory - victory, Definition(s): n.: The defeat of an enemy in battle or of an antagonist in any contest; a gaining of the superiority in any struggle or competition; conquest; triumph; -- the opposite of defeat.
Found on page(s): [12, 35, 40, 90, 91, 92, 96, 98, 102, 103, 104]

perform - perform, Definition(s): v. t.: To carry through; to bring to completion; to achieve; to accomplish; to execute; to do.; v. t.: To discharge; to fulfill; to act up to; as to perform a duty; to perform a promise or a vow.; v. t.: To represent; to act; to play; as in drama.; v. i.: To do execute or accomplish something; to acquit one's self in any business; esp. to represent sometimes by action; to act a part; to play on a musical instrument; as the players perform poorly; the musician performs on the organ.
Found on page(s): [35]

loyal, - loyal,, Definition(s): a.: Faithful to law; upholding the lawful authority; faithful and true to the lawful government; faithful to the prince or sovereign to whom one is subject; unswerving in allegiance.; a.: True to any person or persons to whom one owes fidelity especially as a wife to her husband lovers to each other and friend to friend; constant; faithful to a cause or a principle.
Found on page(s): [47]

disaffected; - disaffected;, Definition(s): a.: Alienated in feeling; not wholly loyal.
Found on page(s): [99]

cowardly - cowardly, Definition(s): a.: Wanting courage; basely or weakly timid or fearful; pusillanimous; spiritless.; a.: Proceeding from fear of danger or other consequences; befitting a coward; dastardly; base; as cowardly malignity.; adv.: In the manner of a coward.
Found on page(s): [34]

treaty, - treaty,, Definition(s): n.: The act of treating for the adjustment of differences as for forming an agreement; negotiation.; n.: An agreement so made; specifically an agreement league or contract between two or more nations or sovereigns formally signed by commissioners properly authorized and solemnly ratified by the several sovereigns or the supreme power of each state; an agreement between two or more independent states; as a treaty of peace; a treaty of alliance.; n.: A proposal tending to an agreement.; n.: A treatise; a tract.
Found on page(s): [92]

lady - lady, Definition(s): n.: A woman who looks after the domestic affairs of a family; a mistress; the female head of a household.; n.: A woman having proprietary rights or authority; mistress; -- a feminine correlative of lord.; n.: A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound; a sweetheart.; n.: A woman of social distinction or position. In England a title prefixed to the name of any woman whose husband is not of lower rank than a baron or whose father was a nobleman not lower than an earl. The wife of a baronet or knight has the title of Lady by courtesy but not by right.; n.: A woman of refined or gentle manners; a well-bred woman; -- the feminine correlative of gentleman.; n.: A wife; -- not now in approved usage.; n.: The triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster; -- so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure. It consists of calcareous plates.; a.: Belonging or becoming to a lady; ladylike.; : The day of the annunciation of the Virgin Mary March 25. See Annunciation.
Found on page(s): [8]

arose, - arose,, Definition(s): : The past or preterit tense of Arise.
Found on page(s): [97]

conclusion, - conclusion,, Definition(s): n.: The last part of anything; close; termination; end.; n.: Final decision; determination; result.; n.: Any inference or result of reasoning.; n.: The inferred proposition of a syllogism; the necessary consequence of the conditions asserted in two related propositions called premises. See Syllogism.; n.: Drawing of inferences.; n.: An experiment or something from which a conclusion may be drawn.; n.: The end or close of a pleading e.g. the formal ending of an indictment against the peace etc.; n.: An estoppel or bar by which a person is held to a particular position.
Found on page(s): [6, 40, 56]

hectic - hectic, Definition(s): a.: Habitual; constitutional; pertaining especially to slow waste of animal tissue as in consumption; as a hectic type in disease; a hectic flush.; a.: In a hectic condition; having hectic fever; consumptive; as a hectic patient.; n.: Hectic fever.; n.: A hectic flush.
Found on page(s): [7, 41]

necessity. - necessity., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being necessary unavoidable or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.; n.: The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want.; n.: That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion physical or moral; fate; fatality.; n.: The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena whether material or spiritual to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
Found on page(s): [9, 44]

necessity, - necessity,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being necessary unavoidable or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.; n.: The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want.; n.: That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion physical or moral; fate; fatality.; n.: The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena whether material or spiritual to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
Found on page(s): [4, 24]

entire - entire, Definition(s): a.: Complete in all parts; undivided; undiminished; whole; full and perfect; not deficient; as the entire control of a business; entire confidence ignorance.; a.: Without mixture or alloy of anything; unqualified; morally whole; pure; faithful.; a.: Consisting of a single piece as a corolla.; a.: Having an evenly continuous edge as a leaf which has no kind of teeth.; a.: Not gelded; -- said of a horse.; a.: Internal; interior.; n.: Entirely.; n.: A name originally given to a kind of beer combining qualities of different kinds of beer.
Found on page(s): [11]

exterminate - exterminate, Definition(s): v. t.: To drive out or away; to expel.; v. t.: To destroy utterly; to cut off; to extirpate; to annihilate; to root out; as to exterminate a colony a tribe or a nation; to exterminate error or vice.; v. t.: To eliminate as unknown quantities.
Found on page(s): [12, 22]

approach - approach, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or go near in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer.; v. i.: To draw near in a figurative sense; to make advances; to approximate; as he approaches to the character of the ablest statesman.; v. t.: To bring near; to cause to draw near; to advance.; v. t.: To come near to in place time or character; to draw nearer to; as to approach the city; to approach my cabin; he approached the age of manhood.; v. t.: To take approaches to.; v. i.: The act of drawing near; a coming or advancing near.; v. i.: A access or opportunity of drawing near.; v. i.: Movements to gain favor; advances.; v. i.: A way passage or avenue by which a place or buildings can be approached; an access.; v. i.: The advanced works trenches or covered roads made by besiegers in their advances toward a fortress or military post.; v. i.: See Approaching.
Found on page(s): [100]

decisive - decisive, Definition(s): a.: Having the power or quality of deciding a question or controversy; putting an end to contest or controversy; final; conclusive.; a.: Marked by promptness and decision.
Found on page(s): [98, 101]

divide, - divide,, Definition(s): v. t.: To part asunder (a whole); to sever into two or more parts or pieces; to sunder; to separate into parts.; v. t.: To cause to be separate; to keep apart by a partition or by an imaginary line or limit; as a wall divides two houses; a stream divides the towns.; v. t.: To make partition of among a number; to apportion as profits of stock among proprietors; to give in shares; to distribute; to mete out; to share.; v. t.: To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance.; v. t.: To separate into two parts in order to ascertain the votes for and against a measure; as to divide a legislative house upon a question.; v. t.: To subject to arithmetical division.; v. t.: To separate into species; -- said of a genus or generic term.; v. t.: To mark divisions on; to graduate; as to divide a sextant.; v. t.: To play or sing in a florid style or with variations.; v. i.: To be separated; to part; to open; to go asunder.; v. i.: To cause separation; to disunite.; v. i.: To break friendship; to fall out.; v. i.: To have a share; to partake.; v. i.: To vote as in the British Parliament by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies) that is the ayes dividing from the noes.; n.: A dividing ridge of land between the tributaries of two streams; a watershed.
Found on page(s): [96]

proceed - proceed, Definition(s): v. i.: To move pass or go forward or onward; to advance; to continue or renew motion begun; as to proceed on a journey.; v. i.: To pass from one point topic or stage to another; as to proceed with a story or argument.; v. i.: To issue or come forth as from a source or origin; to come from; as light proceeds from the sun.; v. i.: To go on in an orderly or regulated manner; to begin and carry on a series of acts or measures; to act by method; to prosecute a design.; v. i.: To be transacted; to take place; to occur.; v. i.: To have application or effect; to operate.; v. i.: To begin and carry on a legal process.; n.: See Proceeds.
Found on page(s): [21, 48, 49, 82]

deity. - deity., Definition(s): n.: The collection of attributes which make up the nature of a god; divinity; godhead; as the deity of the Supreme Being is seen in his works.; n.: A god or goddess; a heathen god.
Found on page(s): [86]

corporation - corporation, Definition(s): n.: A body politic or corporate formed and authorized by law to act as a single person and endowed by law with the capacity of succession; a society having the capacity of transacting business as an individual.
Found on page(s): [68]

understand - understand, Definition(s): v. t.: To have just and adequate ideas of; to apprehended the meaning or intention of; to have knowledge of; to comprehend; to know; as to understand a problem in Euclid; to understand a proposition or a declaration; the court understands the advocate or his argument; to understand the sacred oracles; to understand a nod or a wink.; v. t.: To be apprised or have information of; to learn; to be informed of; to hear; as I understand that Congress has passed the bill.; v. t.: To recognize or hold as being or signifying; to suppose to mean; to interpret; to explain.; v. t.: To mean without expressing; to imply tacitly; to take for granted; to assume.; v. t.: To stand under; to support.; v. i.: To have the use of the intellectual faculties; to be an intelligent being.; v. i.: To be informed; to have or receive knowledge.
Found on page(s): [2, 10, 37, 43, 50, 51, 52, 70, 81]

birth - birth, Definition(s): n.: The act or fact of coming into life or of being born; -- generally applied to human beings; as the birth of a son.; n.: Lineage; extraction; descent; sometimes high birth; noble extraction.; n.: The condition to which a person is born; natural state or position; inherited disposition or tendency.; n.: The act of bringing forth; as she had two children at a birth.; n.: That which is born; that which is produced whether animal or vegetable.; n.: Origin; beginning; as the birth of an empire.; n.: See Berth.
Found on page(s): [57, 60, 85]

underlying - underlying, Definition(s): a.: Lying under or beneath; hence fundamental; as the underlying strata of a locality; underlying principles.
Found on page(s): [68]

intelligence - intelligence, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of knowing; the exercise of the understanding.; n.: The capacity to know or understand; readiness of comprehension; the intellect as a gift or an endowment.; n.: Information communicated; news; notice; advice.; n.: Acquaintance; intercourse; familiarity.; n.: Knowledge imparted or acquired whether by study research or experience; general information.; n.: An intelligent being or spirit; -- generally applied to pure spirits; as a created intelligence.
Found on page(s): [94]

innovator - innovator, Definition(s): n.: One who innovates.
Found on page(s): [15]

loving - loving, Definition(s): a.: Affectionate.; a.: Expressing love or kindness; as loving words.
Found on page(s): [50]

unhappy - unhappy, Definition(s): a.: Not happy or fortunate; unfortunate; unlucky; as affairs have taken an unhappy turn.; a.: In a degree miserable or wretched; not happy; sad; sorrowful; as children render their parents unhappy by misconduct.; a.: Marked by infelicity; evil; calamitous; as an unhappy day.; a.: Mischievous; wanton; wicked.
Found on page(s): [61]

detect, - detect,, Definition(s): a.: Detected.; v. t.: To uncover; to discover; to find out; to bring to light; as to detect a crime or a criminal; to detect a mistake in an account.; v. t.: To inform against; to accuse.
Found on page(s): [7]

kind: - kind:, Definition(s): superl.: Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.; superl.: Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as a kind man; a kind heart.; superl.: Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious.; superl.: Proceeding from or characterized by goodness gentleness or benevolence; as a kind act.; superl.: Gentle; tractable; easily governed; as a horse kind in harness.; a.: Nature; natural instinct or disposition.; a.: Race; genus; species; generic class; as in mankind or humankind.; a.: Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class; as there are several kinds of eloquence of style and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil etc.; v. t.: To beget.
Found on page(s): [16]

strongly - strongly, Definition(s): adv.: In a strong manner; so as to be strong in action or in resistance; with strength; with great force; forcibly; powerfully; firmly; vehemently; as a town strongly fortified; he objected strongly.
Found on page(s): [90]

accomplish, - accomplish,, Definition(s): v. t.: To complete as time or distance.; v. t.: To bring to an issue of full success; to effect; to perform; to execute fully; to fulfill; as to accomplish a design an object a promise.; v. t.: To equip or furnish thoroughly; hence to complete in acquirements; to render accomplished; to polish.; v. t.: To gain; to obtain.
Found on page(s): [54]

prison. - prison., Definition(s): n.: A place where persons are confined or restrained of personal liberty; hence a place or state o/ confinement restraint or safe custody.; n.: Specifically a building for the safe custody or confinement of criminals and others committed by lawful authority.; v. t.: To imprison; to shut up in or as in a prison; to confine; to restrain from liberty.; v. t.: To bind (together); to enchain.
Found on page(s): [91, 92]

crown. - crown., Definition(s): : of Crow.; : p. p. of Crow.; n.: A wreath or garland or any ornamental fillet encircling the head especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence anything given on account of or obtained by faithful or successful effort; a reward.; n.: A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty worn by emperors kings princes etc.; n.: The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article.; n.: Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty.; n.: Anything which imparts beauty splendor honor dignity or finish.; n.: Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection.; n.: The topmost part of anything; the summit.; n.: The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also the head or brain.; n.: The part of a hat above the brim.; n.: The part of a tooth which projects above the gum; also the top or grinding surface of a tooth.; n.: The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve but in a pointed arch to the apex only.; n.: Same as Corona.; n.: That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank.; n.: The rounding or rounded part of the deck from a level line.; n.: The bights formed by the several turns of a cable.; n.: The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.; n.: The dome of a furnace.; n.: The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters.; n.: A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.; n.: A size of writing paper. See under Paper.; n.: A coin stamped with the image of a crown; hencea denomination of money; as the English crown a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown a money of account etc. worth nearly twenty-seven cents.; n.: An ornaments or decoration representing a crown; as the paper is stamped with a crown.; n.: To cover decorate or invest with a crown; hence to invest with royal dignity and power.; n.: To bestow something upon as a mark of honor dignity or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.; n.: To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.; n.: To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges as the face of a machine pulley.; n.: To effect a lodgment upon as upon the crest of the glacis or the summit of the breach.
Found on page(s): [10]

assumed - assumed, Definition(s): a.: Supposed.; a.: Pretended; hypocritical; make-believe; as an assumed character.
Found on page(s): [12, 96]

crown, - crown,, Definition(s): : of Crow.; : p. p. of Crow.; n.: A wreath or garland or any ornamental fillet encircling the head especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence anything given on account of or obtained by faithful or successful effort; a reward.; n.: A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty worn by emperors kings princes etc.; n.: The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article.; n.: Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty.; n.: Anything which imparts beauty splendor honor dignity or finish.; n.: Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection.; n.: The topmost part of anything; the summit.; n.: The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also the head or brain.; n.: The part of a hat above the brim.; n.: The part of a tooth which projects above the gum; also the top or grinding surface of a tooth.; n.: The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve but in a pointed arch to the apex only.; n.: Same as Corona.; n.: That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank.; n.: The rounding or rounded part of the deck from a level line.; n.: The bights formed by the several turns of a cable.; n.: The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.; n.: The dome of a furnace.; n.: The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters.; n.: A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.; n.: A size of writing paper. See under Paper.; n.: A coin stamped with the image of a crown; hencea denomination of money; as the English crown a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown a money of account etc. worth nearly twenty-seven cents.; n.: An ornaments or decoration representing a crown; as the paper is stamped with a crown.; n.: To cover decorate or invest with a crown; hence to invest with royal dignity and power.; n.: To bestow something upon as a mark of honor dignity or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.; n.: To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.; n.: To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges as the face of a machine pulley.; n.: To effect a lodgment upon as upon the crest of the glacis or the summit of the breach.
Found on page(s): [92]

engaged - engaged, Definition(s): a.: Occupied; employed; busy.; a.: Pledged; promised; especially having the affections pledged; promised in marriage; affianced; betrothed.; a.: Greatly interested; of awakened zeal; earnest.; a.: Involved; esp. involved in a hostile encounter; as the engaged ships continued the fight.
Found on page(s): [36, 98]

brutal, - brutal,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to a brute; as brutal nature.; a.: Like a brute; savage; cruel; inhuman; brutish; unfeeling; merciless; gross; as brutal manners.
Found on page(s): [60]

wait - wait, Definition(s): v. i.: To watch; to observe; to take notice.; v. i.: To stay or rest in expectation; to stop or remain stationary till the arrival of some person or event; to rest in patience; to stay; not to depart.; v. t.: To stay for; to rest or remain stationary in expectation of; to await; as to wait orders.; v. t.: To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany; to await.; v. t.: To attend on; to accompany; especially to attend with ceremony or respect.; v. t.: To cause to wait; to defer; to postpone; -- said of a meal; as to wait dinner.; v. i.: The act of waiting; a delay; a halt.; v. i.: Ambush.; v. i.: One who watches; a watchman.; v. i.: Hautboys or oboes played by town musicians; not used in the singular.; v. i.: Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.
Found on page(s): [7, 65, 81, 82, 83]

hundred - hundred, Definition(s): n.: The product of ten mulitplied by ten or the number of ten times ten; a collection or sum consisting of ten times ten units or objects; five score. Also a symbol representing one hundred units as 100 or C.; n.: A division of a country in England supposed to have originally contained a hundred families or freemen.; a.: Ten times ten; five score; as a hundred dollars.
Found on page(s): [13, 25, 37, 81, 82, 83, 84, 89, 91, 92, 95, 97, 98, 102]

iniquity - iniquity, Definition(s): n.: Absence of or deviation from just dealing; want of rectitude or uprightness; gross injustice; unrighteousness; wickedness; as the iniquity of bribery; the iniquity of an unjust judge.; n.: An iniquitous act or thing; a deed of injustice o/ unrighteousness; a sin; a crime.; n.: A character or personification in the old English moralities or moral dramas having the name sometimes of one vice and sometimes of another. See Vice.
Found on page(s): [58]

chastity, - chastity,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being chaste; purity of body; freedom from unlawful sexual intercourse.; n.: Moral purity.; n.: The unmarried life; celibacy.; n.: Chasteness.
Found on page(s): [44]

magnificent - magnificent, Definition(s): a.: Doing grand things; admirable in action; displaying great power or opulence especially in building way of living and munificence.; a.: Grand in appearance; exhibiting grandeur or splendor; splendid' pompous.
Found on page(s): [1]

uncle, - uncle,, Definition(s): n.: The brother of one's father or mother; also applied to an aunt's husband; -- the correlative of aunt in sex and of nephew and niece in relationship.; n.: A pawnbroker.
Found on page(s): [24]

native - native, Definition(s): a.: Arising by birth; having an origin; born.; a.: Of or pertaining to one's birth; natal; belonging to the place or the circumstances in which one is born; -- opposed to foreign; as native land language color etc.; a.: Born in the region in which one lives; as a native inhabitant race; grown or originating in the region where used or sold; not foreign or imported; as native oysters or strawberries.; a.: Original; constituting the original substance of anything; as native dust.; a.: Conferred by birth; derived from origin; born with one; inherent; inborn; not acquired; as native genius cheerfulness simplicity rights etc.; a.: Naturally related; cognate; connected (with).; a.: Found in nature uncombined with other elements; as native silver.; a.: Found in nature; not artificial; as native sodium chloride.; n.: One who or that which is born in a place or country referred to; a denizen by birth; an animal a fruit or vegetable produced in a certain region; as a native of France.; n.: Any of the live stock found in a region as distinguished from such as belong to pure and distinct imported breeds.
Found on page(s): [79]

residence, - residence,, Definition(s): n.: The act or fact of residing abiding or dwelling in a place for some continuance of time; as the residence of an American in France or Italy for a year.; n.: The place where one resides; an abode; a dwelling or habitation; esp. a settled or permanent home or domicile.; n.: The residing of an incumbent on his benefice; -- opposed to nonresidence.; n.: The place where anything rests permanently.; n.: Subsidence as of a sediment.; n.: That which falls to the bottom of liquors; sediment; also refuse; residuum.
Found on page(s): [107]

betook - betook, Definition(s): : imp. of Betake.
Found on page(s): [25]

king, - king,, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [8, 9, 19, 21, 75]

accordingly - accordingly, Definition(s): adv.: Agreeably; correspondingly; suitably; in a manner conformable.; adv.: In natural sequence; consequently; so.
Found on page(s): [14, 27, 52, 57]

laid - laid, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Lay.
Found on page(s): [8, 17, 18, 20, 29, 49, 52, 62, 85, 94]

king. - king., Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [16, 19, 56, 107]

particularly - particularly, Definition(s): adv.: In a particular manner; expressly; with a specific reference or interest; in particular; distinctly.; adv.: In an especial manner; in a high degree; as a particularly fortunate man; a particularly bad failure.
Found on page(s): [34, 86, 92]

infant. - infant., Definition(s): n.: A child in the first period of life beginning at his birth; a young babe; sometimes a child several years of age.; n.: A person who is not of full age or who has not attained the age of legal capacity; a person under the age of twenty-one years; a minor.; n.: Same as Infante.; a.: Of or pertaining to infancy or the first period of life; tender; not mature; as infant strength.; a.: Intended for young children; as an infant school.; v. t.: To bear or bring forth as a child; hence to produce in general.
Found on page(s): [86]

Victorious," - Victorious,", Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to victory or a victor' being a victor; bringing or causing a victory; conquering; winning; triumphant; as a victorious general; victorious troops; a victorious day.
Found on page(s): [41]

curiously - curiously, Definition(s): adv.: In a curious manner.
Found on page(s): [105]

liberty, - liberty,, Definition(s): n.: The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery serfdom bondage or subjection.; n.: Freedom from imprisonment bonds or other restraint upon locomotion.; n.: A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as liberty given to a child to play or to a witness to leave a court and the like.; n.: Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant; as the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe.; n.: The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed or jurisdiction is exercised.; n.: A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised; as the liberties of a prison.; n.: A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety; as to permit or take a liberty.; n.: The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing.; n.: A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse.; n.: Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
Found on page(s): [25, 98]

liberty. - liberty., Definition(s): n.: The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery serfdom bondage or subjection.; n.: Freedom from imprisonment bonds or other restraint upon locomotion.; n.: A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as liberty given to a child to play or to a witness to leave a court and the like.; n.: Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant; as the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe.; n.: The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed or jurisdiction is exercised.; n.: A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised; as the liberties of a prison.; n.: A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety; as to permit or take a liberty.; n.: The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing.; n.: A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse.; n.: Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
Found on page(s): [35, 92]

arm, - arm,, Definition(s): n.: The limb of the human body which extends from the shoulder to the hand; also the corresponding limb of a monkey.; n.: The fore limb of an animal as of a bear.; n.: A limb or locomotive or prehensile organ of an invertebrate animal.; n.: A branch of a tree.; n.: A slender part of an instrument or machine projecting from a trunk axis or fulcrum; as the arm of a steelyard.; n.: The end of a yard; also the part of an anchor which ends in the fluke.; n.: An inlet of water from the sea.; n.: A support for the elbow at the side of a chair the end of a sofa etc.; n.: Fig.: Power; might; strength; support; as the secular arm; the arm of the law.; n.: A branch of the military service; as the cavalry arm was made efficient.; n.: A weapon of offense or defense; an instrument of warfare; -- commonly in the pl.; v. t.: To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.; v. t.: To furnish with arms or limbs.; v. t.: To furnish or equip with weapons of offense or defense; as to arm soldiers; to arm the country.; v. t.: To cover or furnish with a plate or with whatever will add strength force security or efficiency; as to arm the hit of a sword; to arm a hook in angling.; v. t.: Fig.: To furnish with means of defense; to prepare for resistance; to fortify in a moral sense.; v. i.: To provide one's self with arms weapons or means of attack or resistance; to take arms.
Found on page(s): [38, 101]

almost - almost, Definition(s): adv.: Nearly; well nigh; all but; for the greatest part.
Found on page(s): [14, 31, 32, 65, 83, 92]

arrow - arrow, Definition(s): n.: A missile weapon of offense slender pointed and usually feathered and barbed to be shot from a bow.
Found on page(s): [14]

conduce - conduce, Definition(s): n.: To lead or tend esp. with reference to a favorable or desirable result; to contribute; -- usually followed by to or toward.; v. t.: To conduct; to lead; to guide.
Found on page(s): [103]

equally - equally, Definition(s): adv.: In an equal manner or degree in equal shares or proportion; with equal and impartial justice; without difference; alike; evenly; justly; as equally taxed furnished etc.
Found on page(s): [74]

reign - reign, Definition(s): n.: Royal authority; supreme power; sovereignty; rule; dominion.; n.: The territory or sphere which is reigned over; kingdom; empire; realm; dominion.; n.: The time during which a king queen or emperor possesses the supreme authority; as it happened in the reign of Elizabeth.; n.: To possess or exercise sovereign power or authority; to exercise government as a king or emperor;; to hold supreme power; to rule.; n.: Hence to be predominant; to prevail.; n.: To have superior or uncontrolled dominion; to rule.
Found on page(s): [48, 65]

manner - manner, Definition(s): n.: Mode of action; way of performing or effecting anything; method; style; form; fashion.; n.: Characteristic mode of acting conducting carrying one's self or the like; bearing; habitual style.; n.: Customary method of acting; habit.; n.: Carriage; behavior; deportment; also becoming behavior; well-bred carriage and address.; n.: The style of writing or thought of an author; characteristic peculiarity of an artist.; n.: Certain degree or measure; as it is in a manner done already.; n.: Sort; kind; style; -- in this application sometimes having the sense of a plural sorts or kinds.
Found on page(s): [33, 48, 74, 106]

DUKE - DUKE, Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [79]

sustained - sustained, Definition(s): a.: Held up to a certain pitch degree or level; uniform; as sustained pasion; a sustained style of writing; a sustained note in music.
Found on page(s): [28, 31, 72]

associate - associate, Definition(s): v. t.: To join with one as a friend companion partner or confederate; as to associate others with us in business or in an enterprise.; v. t.: To join or connect; to combine in acting; as particles of gold associated with other substances.; v. t.: To connect or place together in thought.; v. t.: To accompany; to keep company with.; v. i.: To unite in company; to keep company implying intimacy; as congenial minds are disposed to associate.; v. i.: To unite in action or to be affected by the action of a different part of the body.; a.: Closely connected or joined with some other as in interest purpose employment or office; sharing responsibility or authority; as an associate judge.; a.: Admitted to some but not to all rights and privileges; as an associate member.; a.: Connected by habit or sympathy; as associate motions such as occur sympathetically in consequence of preceding motions.; n.: A companion; one frequently in company with another implying intimacy or equality; a mate; a fellow.; n.: A partner in interest as in business; or a confederate in a league.; n.: One connected with an association or institution without the full rights or privileges of a regular member; as an associate of the Royal Academy.; n.: Anything closely or usually connected with another; an concomitant.
Found on page(s): [68, 88]

king; - king;, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [56]

judgment - judgment, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of judging; the operation of the mind involving comparison and discrimination by which a knowledge of the values and relations of thins whether of moral qualities intellectual concepts logical propositions or material facts is obtained; as by careful judgment he avoided the peril; by a series of wrong judgments he forfeited confidence.; v. i.: The power or faculty of performing such operations (see 1); esp. when unqualified the faculty of judging or deciding rightly justly or wisely; good sense; as a man of judgment; a politician without judgment.; v. i.: The conclusion or result of judging; an opinion; a decision.; v. i.: The act of determining as in courts of law what is conformable to law and justice; also the determination decision or sentence of a court or of a judge; the mandate or sentence of God as the judge of all.; v. i.: That act of the mind by which two notions or ideas which are apprehended as distinct are compared for the purpose of ascertaining their agreement or disagreement. See 1. The comparison may be threefold: (1) Of individual objects forming a concept. (2) Of concepts giving what is technically called a judgment. (3) Of two judgments giving an inference. Judgments have been further classed as analytic synthetic and identical.; v. i.: That power or faculty by which knowledge dependent upon comparison and discrimination is acquired. See 2.; v. i.: A calamity regarded as sent by God by way of recompense for wrong committed; a providential punishment.; v. i.: The final award; the last sentence.
Found on page(s): [20, 42, 62, 69, 102]

oppress, - oppress,, Definition(s): v. t.: To impose excessive burdens upon; to overload; hence to treat with unjust rigor or with cruelty.; v. t.: To ravish; to violate.; v. t.: To put down; to crush out; to suppress.; v. t.: To produce a sensation of weight in (some part of the body); as my lungs are oppressed by the damp air; excess of food oppresses the stomach.
Found on page(s): [27]

void - void, Definition(s): a.: Containing nothing; empty; vacant; not occupied; not filled.; a.: Having no incumbent; unoccupied; -- said of offices and the like.; a.: Being without; destitute; free; wanting; devoid; as void of learning or of common use.; a.: Not producing any effect; ineffectual; vain.; a.: Containing no immaterial quality; destitute of mind or soul.; a.: Of no legal force or effect incapable of confirmation or ratification; null. Cf. Voidable 2.; n.: An empty space; a vacuum.; a.: To remove the contents of; to make or leave vacant or empty; to quit; to leave; as to void a table.; a.: To throw or send out; to evacuate; to emit; to discharge; as to void excrements.; a.: To render void; to make to be of no validity or effect; to vacate; to annul; to nullify.; v. i.: To be emitted or evacuated.
Found on page(s): [51]

liability - liability, Definition(s): n.: The state of being liable; as the liability of an insurer; liability to accidents; liability to the law.; n.: That which one is under obligation to pay or for which one is liable.; n.: the sum of one's pecuniary obligations; -- opposed to assets.
Found on page(s): [42]

vitality, - vitality,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being vital; the principle of life; vital force; animation; as the vitality of eggs or vegetable seeds; the vitality of an enterprise.
Found on page(s): [14]

sway - sway, Definition(s): v. i.: To move or wield with the hand; to swing; to wield; as to sway the scepter.; v. i.: To influence or direct by power and authority; by persuasion or by moral force; to rule; to govern; to guide.; v. i.: To cause to incline or swing to one side or backward and forward; to bias; to turn; to bend; warp; as reeds swayed by wind; judgment swayed by passion.; v. i.: To hoist; as to sway up the yards.; v. i.: To be drawn to one side by weight or influence; to lean; to incline.; v. i.: To move or swing from side to side; or backward and forward.; v. i.: To have weight or influence.; v. i.: To bear sway; to rule; to govern.; n.: The act of swaying; a swaying motion; the swing or sweep of a weapon.; n.: Influence weight or authority that inclines to one side; as the sway of desires.; n.: Preponderance; turn or cast of balance.; n.: Rule; dominion; control.; n.: A switch or rod used by thatchers to bind their work.
Found on page(s): [35]

affected - affected, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Regarded with affection; beloved.; p. p. & a.: Inclined; disposed; attached.; p. p. & a.: Given to false show; assuming or pretending to possess what is not natural or real.; p. p. & a.: Assumed artificially; not natural.; p. p. & a.: Made up of terms involving different powers of the unknown quantity; adfected; as an affected equation.
Found on page(s): [46]

Seeing - Seeing, Definition(s): conj. : but originally a present participle)) In view of the fact (that); considering; taking into account (that); insmuch as; since; because; -- followed by a dependent clause; as he did well seeing that he was so young.
Found on page(s): [106]

tutor - tutor, Definition(s): n.: One who guards protects watches over or has the care of some person or thing.; n.: A treasurer; a keeper.; n.: One who has the charge of a child or pupil and his estate; a guardian.; n.: A private or public teacher.; n.: An officer or member of some hall who instructs students and is responsible for their discipline.; n.: An instructor of a lower rank than a professor.; v. t.: To have the guardianship or care of; to teach; to instruct.; v. t.: To play the tutor toward; to treat with authority or severity.
Found on page(s): [88]

army - army, Definition(s): n.: A collection or body of men armed for war esp. one organized in companies battalions regiments brigades and divisions under proper officers.; n.: A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as the Blue Ribbon Army.; n.: A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Found on page(s): [30, 31, 38, 40, 49, 58, 59, 72, 78, 80, 81, 90, 92, 93, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101]

impugn - impugn, Definition(s): v. t.: To attack by words or arguments; to contradict; to assail; to call in question; to make insinuations against; to gainsay; to oppose.
Found on page(s): [29]

tempt - tempt, Definition(s): v. t.: To put to trial; to prove; to test; to try.; v. t.: To lead or endeavor to lead into evil; to entice to what is wrong; to seduce.; v. t.: To endeavor to persuade; to induce; to invite; to incite; to provoke; to instigate.; v. t.: To endeavor to accomplish or reach; to attempt.
Found on page(s): [96, 100]

partridge, - partridge,, Definition(s): n.: Any one of numerous species of small gallinaceous birds of the genus Perdix and several related genera of the family Perdicidae of the Old World. The partridge is noted as a game bird.; n.: Any one of several species of quail-like birds belonging to Colinus and allied genera.; n.: The ruffed grouse (Bonasa umbellus).
Found on page(s): [104]

arms - arms, Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 18, 19, 22, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 62, 64, 72, 77, 82, 87, 88, 89, 92, 94, 100]

evil - evil, Definition(s): a.: Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.; a.: Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as evil conduct thoughts heart words and the like.; a.: Producing or threatening sorrow distress injury or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.; n.: Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.; n.: Moral badness or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience or by the will of the Supreme Being or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.; n.: malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil the scrofula.; adv.: In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Found on page(s): [7, 26, 31]

rarely - rarely, Definition(s): adv.: In a rare manner or degree; seldom; not often; as things rarely seen.; adv.: Finely; excellently; with rare skill. See 3d Rare 2.
Found on page(s): [10, 16, 104]

governor - governor, Definition(s): n.: One who governs; especially one who is invested with the supreme executive authority in a State; a chief ruler or magistrate; as the governor of Pennsylvania.; n.: One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian.; n.: A pilot; a steersman.; n.: A contrivance applied to steam engines water wheels and other machinery to maintain nearly uniform speed when the resistances and motive force are variable.
Found on page(s): [71, 88, 89, 91, 93]

lap, - lap,, Definition(s): n.: The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron.; n.: An edge; a border; a hem as of cloth.; n.: The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered; figuratively a place of rearing and fostering; as to be reared in the lap of luxury.; n.: That part of any substance or fixture which extends over or lies upon or by the side of a part of another; as the lap of a board; also the measure of such extension over or upon another thing.; n.: The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone lap refers to outside lap. See Outside lap (below).; n.: The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping; as the second boat got a lap of half its length on the leader.; n.: One circuit around a race track esp. when the distance is a small fraction of a mile; as to run twenty laps; to win by three laps. See Lap to fold 2.; n.: In card playing and other games the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game; -- so called when they are counted in the score of the following game.; n.: A sheet layer or bat of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine.; n.: A piece of brass lead or other soft metal used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass gems and the like or in polishing cutlery etc. It is usually in the form of wheel or disk which revolves on a vertical axis.; v. t.: To rest or recline in a lap or as in a lap.; v. t.: To cut or polish with a lap as glass gems cutlery etc. See 1st Lap 10.; n.: To fold; to bend and lay over or on something; as to lap a piece of cloth.; n.: To wrap or wind around something.; n.: To infold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish.; n.: To lay or place over anything so as to partly or wholly cover it; as to lap one shingle over another; to lay together one partly over another; as to lap weather-boards; also to be partly over or by the side of (something); as the hinder boat lapped the foremost one.; n.: To lay together one over another as fleeces or slivers for further working.; v. i.: To be turned or folded; to lie partly upon or by the side of something or of one another; as the cloth laps back; the boats lap; the edges lap.; v. i.: To take up drink or food with the tongue; to drink or feed by licking up something.; v. i.: To make a sound like that produced by taking up drink with the tongue.; v. t.: To take into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue.; n.: The act of lapping with or as with the tongue; as to take anything into the mouth with a lap.; n.: The sound of lapping.
Found on page(s): [8]

rising - rising, Definition(s): a.: Attaining a higher place; taking or moving in an upward direction; appearing above the horizon; ascending; as the rising moon.; a.: Increasing in wealth power or distinction; as a rising state; a rising character.; a.: Growing; advancing to adult years and to the state of active life; as the rising generation.; prep.: More than; exceeding; upwards of; as a horse rising six years of age.; n.: The act of one who or that which rises (in any sense).; n.: That which rises; a tumor; a boil.
Found on page(s): [18, 74]

unite - unite, Definition(s): v. t.: To put together so as to make one; to join as two or more constituents to form a whole; to combine; to connect; to join; to cause to adhere; as to unite bricks by mortar; to unite iron bars by welding; to unite two armies.; v. t.: Hence to join by a legal or moral bond as families by marriage nations by treaty men by opinions; to join in interest affection fellowship or the like; to cause to agree; to harmonize; to associate; to attach.; v. i.: To become one; to be cemented or consolidated; to combine as by adhesion or mixture; to coalesce; to grow together.; v. i.: To join in an act; to concur; to act in concert; as all parties united in signing the petition.; v. t.: United; joint; as unite consent.
Found on page(s): [31, 48, 63, 71, 80]

fruit - fruit, Definition(s): v. t.: Whatever is produced for the nourishment or enjoyment of man or animals by the processes of vegetable growth as corn grass cotton flax etc.; -- commonly used in the plural.; v. t.: The pulpy edible seed vessels of certain plants especially those grown on branches above ground as apples oranges grapes melons berries etc. See 3.; v. t.: The ripened ovary of a flowering plant with its contents and whatever parts are consolidated with it.; v. t.: The spore cases or conceptacles of flowerless plants as of ferns mosses algae etc. with the spores contained in them.; v. t.: The produce of animals; offspring; young; as the fruit of the womb of the loins of the body.; v. t.: That which is produced; the effect or consequence of any action; advantageous or desirable product or result; disadvantageous or evil consequence or effect; as the fruits of labor of self-denial of intemperance.; v. i.: To bear fruit.
Found on page(s): [39]

prisoner - prisoner, Definition(s): n.: One who is confined in a prison.; n.: A person under arrest or in custody whether in prison or not; a person held in involuntary restraint; a captive; as a prisoner at the bar of a court.
Found on page(s): [39, 91, 92]

cause - cause, Definition(s): v.: That which produces or effects a result; that from which anything proceeds and without which it would not exist.; v.: That which is the occasion of an action or state; ground; reason; motive; as cause for rejoicing.; v.: Sake; interest; advantage.; v.: A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action.; v.: Any subject of discussion or debate; matter; question; affair in general.; v.: The side of a question which is espoused advocated and upheld by a person or party; a principle which is advocated; that which a person or party seeks to attain.; n.: To effect as an agent; to produce; to be the occasion of; to bring about; to bring into existence; to make; -- usually followed by an infinitive sometimes by that with a finite verb.; v. i.: To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.; conj.: Abbreviation of Because.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 5, 10, 13, 20, 23, 32, 34, 42, 49, 58, 98, 102]

combat - combat, Definition(s): v. i.: To struggle or contend as with an opposing force; to fight.; v. t.: To fight with; to oppose by force argument etc.; to contend against; to resist.; n.: A fight; a contest of violence; a struggle for supremacy.; n.: An engagement of no great magnitude; or one in which the parties engaged are not armies.
Found on page(s): [79]

gravity, - gravity,, Definition(s): a.: The state of having weight; beaviness; as the gravity of lead.; a.: Sobriety of character or demeanor.; a.: Importance significance dignity etc; hence seriousness; enormity; as the gravity of an offense.; a.: The tendency of a mass of matter toward a center of attraction; esp. the tendency of a body toward the center of the earth; terrestrial gravitation.; a.: Lowness of tone; -- opposed to acuteness.
Found on page(s): [54]

peril. - peril., Definition(s): n.: Danger; risk; hazard; jeopardy; exposure of person or property to injury loss or destruction.; v. t.: To expose to danger; to hazard; to risk; as to peril one's life.; v. i.: To be in danger.
Found on page(s): [11]

indulge - indulge, Definition(s): v. t.: to yield to the desire of; to gratify by compliance; to humor; to withhold restraint from; as to indulge children in their caprices or willfulness; to indulge one's self with a rest or in pleasure.; v. t.: To grant as by favor; to bestow in concession or in compliance with a wish or request.; v. i.: To indulge one's self; to gratify one's tastes or desires; esp. to give one's self up (to); to practice a forbidden or questionable act without restraint; -- followed by in but formerly also by to.
Found on page(s): [60]

unity - unity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being one; oneness.; n.: Concord; harmony; conjunction; agreement; uniformity; as a unity of proofs; unity of doctrine.; n.: Any definite quantity or aggregate of quantities or magnitudes taken as one or for which 1 is made to stand in calculation; thus in a table of natural sines the radius of the circle is regarded as unity.; n.: In dramatic composition one of the principles by which a uniform tenor of story and propriety of representation are preserved; conformity in a composition to these; in oratory discourse etc. the due subordination and reference of every part to the development of the leading idea or the eastablishment of the main proposition.; n.: Such a combination of parts as to constitute a whole or a kind of symmetry of style and character.; n.: The peculiar characteristics of an estate held by several in joint tenancy.
Found on page(s): [20]

pursue - pursue, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow with a view to overtake; to follow eagerly or with haste; to chase; as to pursue a hare.; v. t.: To seek; to use or adopt measures to obtain; as to pursue a remedy at law.; v. t.: To proceed along with a view to some and or object; to follow; to go in; as Captain Cook pursued a new route; the administration pursued a wise course.; v. t.: To prosecute; to be engaged in; to continue.; v. t.: To follow as an example; to imitate.; v. t.: To follow with enmity; to persecute; to call to account.; v. i.: To go in pursuit; to follow.; v. i.: To go on; to proceed especially in argument or discourse; to continue.; v. i.: To follow a matter judicially as a complaining party; to act as a prosecutor.
Found on page(s): [70]

vulgar - vulgar, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the mass or multitude of people; common; general; ordinary; public; hence in general use; vernacular.; a.: Belonging or relating to the common people as distinguished from the cultivated or educated; pertaining to common life; plebeian; not select or distinguished; hence sometimes of little or no value.; a.: Hence lacking cultivation or refinement; rustic; boorish; also offensive to good taste or refined feelings; low; coarse; mean; base; as vulgar men minds language or manners.; n.: One of the common people; a vulgar person.; n.: The vernacular or common language.
Found on page(s): [53]

intended - intended, Definition(s): a.: Made tense; stretched out; extended; forcible; violent.; a.: Purposed; designed; as intended harm or help.; a.: Betrothed; affianced; as an intended husband.; n.: One with whom marriage is designed; one who is betrothed; an affianced lover.
Found on page(s): [21, 33, 80, 87, 101, 106]

came, - came,, Definition(s): : imp. of Come.; n.: A slender rod of cast lead with or without grooves used in casements and stained-glass windows to hold together the panes or pieces of glass.
Found on page(s): [102]

came. - came., Definition(s): : imp. of Come.; n.: A slender rod of cast lead with or without grooves used in casements and stained-glass windows to hold together the panes or pieces of glass.
Found on page(s): [106]

elevation - elevation, Definition(s): n.: The act of raising from a lower place condition or quality to a higher; -- said of material things persons the mind the voice etc.; as the elevation of grain; elevation to a throne; elevation of mind thoughts or character.; n.: Condition of being elevated; height; exaltation.; n.: That which is raised up or elevated; an elevated place or station; as an elevation of the ground; a hill.; n.: The distance of a celestial object above the horizon or the arc of a vertical circle intercepted between it and the horizon; altitude; as the elevation of the pole or of a star.; n.: The angle which the style makes with the substylar line.; n.: The movement of the axis of a piece in a vertical plane; also the angle of elevation that is the angle between the axis of the piece and the line o/ sight; -- distinguished from direction.; n.: A geometrical projection of a building or other object on a plane perpendicular to the horizon; orthographic projection on a vertical plane; -- called by the ancients the orthography.
Found on page(s): [18, 100]

burn - burn, Definition(s): v. t.: To consume with fire; to reduce to ashes by the action of heat or fire; -- frequently intensified by up: as to burn up wood.; v. t.: To injure by fire or heat; to change destructively some property or properties of by undue exposure to fire or heat; to scorch; to scald; to blister; to singe; to char; to sear; as to burn steel in forging; to burn one's face in the sun; the sun burns the grass.; v. t.: To perfect or improve by fire or heat; to submit to the action of fire or heat for some economic purpose; to destroy or change some property or properties of by exposure to fire or heat in due degree for obtaining a desired residuum product or effect; to bake; as to burn clay in making bricks or pottery; to burn wood so as to produce charcoal; to burn limestone for the lime.; v. t.: To make or produce as an effect or result by the application of fire or heat; as to burn a hole; to burn charcoal; to burn letters into a block.; v. t.: To consume injure or change the condition of as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does; as to burn the mouth with pepper.; v. t.: To apply a cautery to; to cauterize.; v. t.: To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize; as a man burns a certain amount of carbon at each respiration; to burn iron in oxygen.; v. i.: To be of fire; to flame.; v. i.: To suffer from or be scorched by an excess of heat.; v. i.: To have a condition quality appearance sensation or emotion as if on fire or excessively heated; to act or rage with destructive violence; to be in a state of lively emotion or strong desire; as the face burns; to burn with fever.; v. i.: To combine energetically with evolution of heat; as copper burns in chlorine.; v. i.: In certain games to approach near to a concealed object which is sought.; n.: A hurt injury or effect caused by fire or excessive or intense heat.; n.: The operation or result of burning or baking as in brickmaking; as they have a good burn.; n.: A disease in vegetables. See Brand n. 6.; n.: A small stream.
Found on page(s): [31]

imposing - imposing, Definition(s): a.: Laying as a duty; enjoining.; a.: Adapted to impress forcibly; impressive; commanding; as an imposing air; an imposing spectacle.; a.: Deceiving; deluding; misleading.; n.: The act of imposing the columns of a page or the pages of a sheet. See Impose v. t. 4.
Found on page(s): [46]

chief - chief, Definition(s): n.: The head or leader of any body of men; a commander as of an army; a head man as of a tribe clan or family; a person in authority who directs the work of others; the principal actor or agent.; n.: The principal part; the most valuable portion.; n.: The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to be composed of the dexter sinister and middle chiefs.; a.: Highest in office or rank; principal; head.; a.: Principal or most eminent in any quality or action; most distinguished; having most influence; taking the lead; most important; as the chief topic of conversation; the chief interest of man.; a.: Very intimate near or close.
Found on page(s): [25, 34, 89]

countryside - countryside, Definition(s): n.: A particular rural district; a country neighborhood.
Found on page(s): [95]

accord - accord, Definition(s): v. t.: Agreement or concurrence of opinion will or action; harmony of mind; consent; assent.; v. t.: Harmony of sounds; agreement in pitch and tone; concord; as the accord of tones.; v. t.: Agreement harmony or just correspondence of things; as the accord of light and shade in painting.; v. t.: Voluntary or spontaneous motion or impulse to act; -- preceded by own; as of one's own accord.; v. t.: An agreement between parties in controversy by which satisfaction for an injury is stipulated and which when executed bars a suit.; v. t.: To make to agree or correspond; to suit one thing to another; to adjust; -- followed by to.; v. t.: To bring to an agreement as persons; to reconcile; to settle adjust harmonize or compose as things; as to accord suits or controversies.; v. t.: To grant as suitable or proper; to concede; to award; as to accord to one due praise.; v. i.: To agree; to correspond; to be in harmony; -- followed by with formerly also by to; as his disposition accords with his looks.; v. i.: To agree in pitch and tone.
Found on page(s): [74]

foremost - foremost, Definition(s): a.: First in time or place; most advanced; chief in rank or dignity; as the foremost troops of an army.
Found on page(s): [65]

doubtful - doubtful, Definition(s): a.: Not settled in opinion; undetermined; wavering; hesitating in belief; also used metaphorically of the body when its action is affected by such a state of mind; as we are doubtful of a fact or of the propriety of a measure.; a.: Admitting of doubt; not obvious clear or certain; questionable; not decided; not easy to be defined classed or named; as a doubtful case hue claim title species and the like.; a.: Characterized by ambiguity; dubious; as a doubtful expression; a doubtful phrase.; a.: Of uncertain issue or event.; a.: Fearful; apprehensive; suspicious.
Found on page(s): [26, 29, 55, 66, 67]

despite - despite, Definition(s): n.: Malice; malignity; spite; malicious anger; contemptuous hate.; n.: An act of malice hatred or defiance; contemptuous defiance; a deed of contempt.; n.: To vex; to annoy; to offend contemptuously.; prep.: In spite of; against or in defiance of; notwithstanding; as despite his prejudices.
Found on page(s): [68]

lord, - lord,, Definition(s): n.: A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.; n.: One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor as of a manor.; n.: A titled nobleman. whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense a boron as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.; n.: A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also for honor on certain official persons; as lord advocate lord chamberlain lord chancellor lord chief justice etc.; n.: A husband.; n.: One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.; n.: The Supreme Being; Jehovah.; n.: The Savior; Jesus Christ.; v. t.: To invest with the dignity power and privileges of a lord.; v. t.: To rule or preside over as a lord.; v. i.: To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Found on page(s): [11, 32]

conduct - conduct, Definition(s): n.: The act or method of conducting; guidance; management.; n.: Skillful guidance or management; generalship.; n.: Convoy; escort; guard; guide.; n.: That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument.; n.: The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior.; n.: Plot; action; construction; manner of development.; n.: To lead or guide; to escort; to attend.; n.: To lead as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as to conduct the affairs of a kingdom.; n.: To behave; -- with the reflexive; as he conducted himself well.; n.: To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit as heat light electricity etc.; n.: To direct as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.; v. i.: To act as a conductor (as of heat electricity etc.); to carry.; v. i.: To conduct one's self; to behave.
Found on page(s): [8, 15, 22, 44, 75, 103]

obey - obey, Definition(s): v. t.: To give ear to; to execute the commands of; to yield submission to; to comply with the orders of.; v. t.: To submit to the authority of; to be ruled by.; v. t.: To yield to the impulse power or operation of; as a ship obeys her helm.; v. i.: To give obedience.
Found on page(s): [14, 25, 27, 29, 36, 90]

appropriate. - appropriate., Definition(s): a.: Set apart for a particular use or person. Hence: Belonging peculiarly; peculiar; suitable; fit; proper.; v. t.: To take to one's self in exclusion of others; to claim or use as by an exclusive right; as let no man appropriate the use of a common benefit.; v. t.: To set apart for or assign to a particular person or use in exclusion of all others; -- with to or for; as a spot of ground is appropriated for a garden; to appropriate money for the increase of the navy.; v. t.: To make suitable; to suit.; v. t.: To annex as a benefice to a spiritual corporation as its property.; n.: A property; attribute.
Found on page(s): [68]

changeable - changeable, Definition(s): a.: Capable of change; subject to alteration; mutable; variable; fickle; inconstant; as a changeable humor.; a.: Appearing different as in color in different lights or under different circumstances; as changeable silk.
Found on page(s): [103]

fever, - fever,, Definition(s): n.: A diseased state of the system marked by increased heat acceleration of the pulse and a general derangement of the functions including usually thirst and loss of appetite. Many diseases of which fever is the most prominent symptom are denominated fevers; as typhoid fever; yellow fever.; n.: Excessive excitement of the passions in consequence of strong emotion; a condition of great excitement; as this quarrel has set my blood in a fever.; v. t.: To put into a fever; to affect with fever; as a fevered lip.
Found on page(s): [7, 22, 102]

formerly - formerly, Definition(s): adv.: In time past either in time immediately preceding or at any indefinite distance; of old; heretofore.
Found on page(s): [34, 36, 37, 86]

quietly - quietly, Definition(s): adv.: In a quiet state or manner; without motion; in a state of rest; as to lie or sit quietly.; adv.: Without tumult alarm dispute or disturbance; peaceably; as to live quietly; to sleep quietly.; adv.: Calmly without agitation or violent emotion; patiently; as to submit quietly to unavoidable evils.; adv.: Noiselessly; silently; without remark or violent movement; in a manner to attract little or no observation; as he quietly left the room.
Found on page(s): [5, 65, 104]

lord. - lord., Definition(s): n.: A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.; n.: One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor as of a manor.; n.: A titled nobleman. whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense a boron as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.; n.: A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also for honor on certain official persons; as lord advocate lord chamberlain lord chancellor lord chief justice etc.; n.: A husband.; n.: One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.; n.: The Supreme Being; Jehovah.; n.: The Savior; Jesus Christ.; v. t.: To invest with the dignity power and privileges of a lord.; v. t.: To rule or preside over as a lord.; v. i.: To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Found on page(s): [61, 89, 91, 93]

"Russia," - "Russia,", Definition(s): n.: A country of Europe and Asia.
Found on page(s): [68]

marry - marry, Definition(s): v. t.: To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining as a man and a woman for life; to constitute (a man and a woman) husband and wife according to the laws or customs of the place.; v. t.: To join according to law (a man) to a woman as his wife or (a woman) to a man as her husband. See the Note to def. 4.; v. t.: To dispose of in wedlock; to give away as wife.; v. t.: To take for husband or wife. See the Note below.; v. t.: Figuratively to unite in the closest and most endearing relation.; v. i.: To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.; interj.: Indeed ! in truth ! -- a term of asseveration said to have been derived from the practice of swearing by the Virgin Mary.
Found on page(s): [86]

thee. - thee., Definition(s): a.: To thrive; to prosper.; pron.: The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Found on page(s): [103]

thee, - thee,, Definition(s): a.: To thrive; to prosper.; pron.: The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Found on page(s): [102, 103]

Maximilian - Maximilian, Definition(s): n.: A gold coin of Bavaria of the value of about 13s. 6d. sterling or about three dollars and a quarter.
Found on page(s): [71]

lessen - lessen, Definition(s): a.: To make less; to reduce; to make smaller or fewer; to diminish; to lower; to degrade; as to lessen a kingdom or a population; to lessen speed rank fortune.; v. i.: To become less; to shrink; to contract; to decrease; to be diminished; as the apparent magnitude of objects lessens as we recede from them; his care or his wealth lessened.
Found on page(s): [38]

Passing - Passing, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which passes; the act of going by or away.; a.: Relating to the act of passing or going; going by beyond through or away; departing.; a.: Exceeding; surpassing eminent.; adv.: Exceedingly; excessively; surpassingly; as passing fair; passing strange.
Found on page(s): [105, 107]

liberty - liberty, Definition(s): n.: The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery serfdom bondage or subjection.; n.: Freedom from imprisonment bonds or other restraint upon locomotion.; n.: A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as liberty given to a child to play or to a witness to leave a court and the like.; n.: Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant; as the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe.; n.: The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed or jurisdiction is exercised.; n.: A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised; as the liberties of a prison.; n.: A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety; as to permit or take a liberty.; n.: The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing.; n.: A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse.; n.: Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
Found on page(s): [13, 14, 56, 70]

lesser - lesser, Definition(s): a.: Less; smaller; inferior.; adv.: Less.
Found on page(s): [16, 56, 68]

ambitious, - ambitious,, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or controlled by ambition; greatly or inordinately desirous of power honor office superiority or distinction.; a.: Strongly desirous; -- followed by of or the infinitive; as ambitious to be or to do something.; a.: Springing from characterized by or indicating ambition; showy; aspiring; as an ambitious style.
Found on page(s): [34]

wickedness - wickedness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being wicked; departure from the rules of the divine or the moral law; evil disposition or practices; immorality; depravity; sinfulness.; n.: A wicked thing or act; crime; sin; iniquity.
Found on page(s): [24, 27]

mankind - mankind, Definition(s): n.: The human race; man taken collectively.; n.: Men as distinguished from women; the male portion of human race.; n.: Human feelings; humanity.; a.: Manlike; not womanly; masculine; bold; cruel.
Found on page(s): [75]

helmet." - helmet.", Definition(s): n.: A defensive covering for the head. See Casque Headpiece Morion Sallet and Illust. of Beaver.; n.: The representation of a helmet over shields or coats of arms denoting gradations of rank by modifications of form.; n.: A helmet-shaped hat made of cork felt metal or other suitable material worn as part of the uniform of soldiers firemen etc. also worn in hot countries as a protection from the heat of the sun.; n.: That which resembles a helmet in form position etc.; n.: The upper part of a retort.; n.: The hood-formed upper sepal or petal of some flowers as of the monkshood or the snapdragon.; n.: A naked shield or protuberance on the top or fore part of the head of a bird.
Found on page(s): [106]

recognize - recognize, Definition(s): v. t.: To know again; to perceive the identity of with a person or thing previously known; to recover or recall knowledge of.; v. t.: To avow knowledge of; to allow that one knows; to consent to admit hold or the like; to admit with a formal acknowledgment; as to recognize an obligation; to recognize a consul.; v. t.: To acknowledge acquaintance with as by salutation bowing or the like.; v. t.: To show appreciation of; as to recognize services by a testimonial.; v. t.: To review; to reexamine.; v. t.: To reconnoiter.; v. i.: To enter an obligation of record before a proper tribunal; as A B recognized in the sum of twenty dollars.
Found on page(s): [11, 15, 41, 44, 69, 94, 102]

induce - induce, Definition(s): v. t.: To lead in; to introduce.; v. t.: To draw on; to overspread.; v. t.: To lead on; to influence; to prevail on; to incite; to move by persuasion or influence.; v. t.: To bring on; to effect; to cause; as a fever induced by fatigue or exposure.; v. t.: To produce or cause by proximity without contact or transmission as a particular electric or magnetic condition in a body by the approach of another body in an opposite electric or magnetic state.; v. t.: To generalize or conclude as an inference from all the particulars; -- the opposite of deduce.
Found on page(s): [7]

thee; - thee;, Definition(s): a.: To thrive; to prosper.; pron.: The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Found on page(s): [103]

difference - difference, Definition(s): n.: Disagreement in opinion; dissension; controversy; quarrel; hence cause of dissension; matter in controversy.; n.: That by which one thing differs from another; that which distinguishes or causes to differ; mark of distinction; characteristic quality; specific attribute.; n.: Choice; preference.; n.: An addition to a coat of arms to distinguish the bearings of two persons which would otherwise be the same. See Augmentation and Marks of cadency under Cadency.; n.: The quality or attribute which is added to those of the genus to constitute a species; a differentia.; n.: The quantity by which one quantity differs from another or the remainder left after subtracting the one from the other.; v. t.: To cause to differ; to make different; to mark as different; to distinguish.
Found on page(s): [5, 40, 62]

reality - reality, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being real; actual being or existence of anything in distinction from mere appearance; fact.; n.: That which is real; an actual existence; that which is not imagination fiction or pretense; that which has objective existence and is not merely an idea.; n.: Loyalty; devotion.; n.: See 2d Realty 2.
Found on page(s): [52]

offend - offend, Definition(s): v. t.: To strike against; to attack; to assail.; v. t.: To displease; to make angry; to affront.; v. t.: To be offensive to; to harm; to pain; to annoy; as strong light offends the eye; to offend the conscience.; v. t.: To transgress; to violate; to sin against.; v. t.: To oppose or obstruct in duty; to cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.
Found on page(s): [22, 26, 48, 62, 70, 83, 105]

seasoning - seasoning, Definition(s): n.: The act or process by which anything is seasoned.; n.: That which is added to any species of food to give it a higher relish as salt spices etc.; a condiment.; n.: Hence something added to enhance enjoyment or relieve dullness; as wit is the seasoning of conversation.
Found on page(s): [86]

leaping, - leaping,, Definition(s): a. & n.: from Leap to jump.
Found on page(s): [87]

dispersed - dispersed, Definition(s): a.: Scattered.
Found on page(s): [76, 82]

reside - reside, Definition(s): v. i.: To dwell permanently or for a considerable time; to have a settled abode for a time; to abide continuosly; to have one's domicile of home; to remain for a long time.; v. i.: To have a seat or fixed position; to inhere; to lie or be as in attribute or element.; v. i.: To sink; to settle as sediment.
Found on page(s): [5, 13, 14]

giving - giving, Definition(s): n.: The act of bestowing as a gift; a conferring or imparting.; n.: A gift; a benefaction.; n.: The act of softening breaking or yielding.
Found on page(s): [8, 19, 20, 28, 30, 31, 53, 60, 70]

happy. - happy., Definition(s): superl.: Favored by hap luck or fortune; lucky; fortunate; successful; prosperous; satisfying desire; as a happy expedient; a happy effort; a happy venture; a happy omen.; superl.: Experiencing the effect of favorable fortune; having the feeling arising from the consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind as peace tranquillity comfort; contented; joyous; as happy hours happy thoughts.; superl.: Dexterous; ready; apt; felicitous.
Found on page(s): [16, 32]

ancient, - ancient,, Definition(s): a.: Old; that happened or existed in former times usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past; specifically applied to the times before the fall of the Roman empire; -- opposed to modern; as ancient authors literature history; ancient days.; a.: Old; that has been of long duration; of long standing; of great age; as an ancient forest; an ancient castle.; a.: Known for a long time or from early times; -- opposed to recent or new; as the ancient continent.; a.: Dignified like an aged man; magisterial; venerable.; a.: Experienced; versed.; a.: Former; sometime.; n.: Those who lived in former ages as opposed to the moderns.; n.: An aged man; a patriarch. Hence: A governor; a ruler; a person of influence.; n.: A senior; an elder; a predecessor.; n.: One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery.; n.: An ensign or flag.; n.: The bearer of a flag; an ensign.
Found on page(s): [23]

excuse - excuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To free from accusation or the imputation of fault or blame; to clear from guilt; to release from a charge; to justify by extenuating a fault; to exculpate; to absolve; to acquit.; v. t.: To pardon as a fault; to forgive entirely or to admit to be little censurable and to overlook; as we excuse irregular conduct when extraordinary circumstances appear to justify it.; v. t.: To regard with indulgence; to view leniently or to overlook; to pardon.; v. t.: To free from an impending obligation or duty; hence to disengage; to dispense with; to release by favor; also to remit by favor; not to exact; as to excuse a forfeiture.; v. t.: To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for.; v. t.: The act of excusing apologizing exculpating pardoning releasing and the like; acquittal; release; absolution; justification; extenuation.; v. t.: That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.; v. t.: That which excuses; that which extenuates or justifies a fault.
Found on page(s): [9, 50, 51, 62]

coolness - coolness, Definition(s): n.: The state of being cool; a moderate degree of cold; a moderate degree or a want of passion; want of ardor zeal or affection; calmness.; n.: Calm impudence; self-possession.
Found on page(s): [15]

knight - knight, Definition(s): n.: A young servant or follower; a military attendant.; n.: In feudal times a man-at-arms serving on horseback and admitted to a certain military rank with special ceremonies including an oath to protect the distressed maintain the right and live a stainless life.; n.: One on whom knighthood a dignity next below that of baronet is conferred by the sovereign entitling him to be addressed as Sir; as Sir John.; n.: A champion; a partisan; a lover.; n.: A piece used in the game of chess usually bearing a horse's head.; n.: A playing card bearing the figure of a knight; the knave or jack.; v. t.: To dub or create (one) a knight; -- done in England by the sovereign only who taps the kneeling candidate with a sword saying: Rise Sir ---.
Found on page(s): [37]

infelicity - infelicity, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being infelicitous; unhappiness; misery; wretchedness; misfortune; want of suitableness or appropriateness.; n.: That (as an act word expression etc.) which is infelicitous; as infelicities of speech.
Found on page(s): [35]

castellan - castellan, Definition(s): n.: A governor or warden of a castle.
Found on page(s): [80, 82, 97]

enlist - enlist, Definition(s): v. t.: To enter on a list; to enroll; to register.; v. t.: To engage for military or naval service the name being entered on a list or register; as to enlist men.; v. t.: To secure the support and aid of; to employ in advancing interest; as to enlist persons in the cause of truth or in a charitable enterprise.; v. i.: To enroll and bind one's self for military or naval service; as he enlisted in the regular army; the men enlisted for the war.; v. i.: To enter heartily into a cause as if enrolled.
Found on page(s): [38, 41]

cruelty - cruelty, Definition(s): n.: The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.; n.: A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Found on page(s): [20, 24, 31, 47, 57, 66]

intimate - intimate, Definition(s): a.: Innermost; inward; internal; deep-seated; hearty.; a.: Near; close; direct; thorough; complete.; a.: Close in friendship or acquaintance; familiar; confidential; as an intimate friend.; n.: An intimate friend or associate; a confidant.; a.: To announce; to declare; to publish; to communicate; to make known.; a.: To suggest obscurely or indirectly; to refer to remotely; to give slight notice of; to hint; as he intimated his intention of resigning his office.
Found on page(s): [97, 105]

entirely - entirely, Definition(s): adv.: In an entire manner; wholly; completely; fully; as the trace is entirely lost.; adv.: Without alloy or mixture; truly; sincerely.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 5, 6, 14, 19, 20, 23, 28, 29, 38, 39, 41, 42, 44, 45, 48, 50, 51, 61, 71, 74, 77]

Empire; - Empire;, Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [60]

religion - religion, Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [52, 66]

loyalty, - loyalty,, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being loyal; fidelity to a superior or to duty love etc.
Found on page(s): [62]

standing - standing, Definition(s): a.: Remaining erect; not cut down; as standing corn.; a.: Not flowing; stagnant; as standing water.; a.: Not transitory; not liable to fade or vanish; lasting; as a standing color.; a.: Established by law custom or the like; settled; continually existing; permanent; not temporary; as a standing army; legislative bodies have standing rules of proceeding and standing committees.; a.: Not movable; fixed; as a standing bed (distinguished from a trundle-bed).; n.: The act of stopping or coming to a stand; the state of being erect upon the feet; stand.; n.: Maintenance of position; duration; duration or existence in the same place or condition; continuance; as a custom of long standing; an officer of long standing.; n.: Place to stand in; station; stand.; n.: Condition in society; relative position; reputation; rank; as a man of good standing or of high standing.
Found on page(s): [32, 66]

charm - charm, Definition(s): n.: A melody; a song.; n.: A word or combination of words sung or spoken in the practice of magic; a magical combination of words characters etc.; an incantation.; n.: That which exerts an irresistible power to please and attract; that which fascinates; any alluring quality.; n.: Anything worn for its supposed efficacy to the wearer in averting ill or securing good fortune.; n.: Any small decorative object worn on the person as a seal a key a silver whistle or the like. Bunches of charms are often worn at the watch chain.; n.: To make music upon; to tune.; n.: To subdue control or summon by incantation or supernatural influence; to affect by magic.; n.: To subdue or overcome by some secret power or by that which gives pleasure; to allay; to soothe.; n.: To attract irresistibly; to delight exceedingly; to enchant; to fascinate.; n.: To protect with or make invulnerable by spells charms or supernatural influences; as a charmed life.; v. i.: To use magic arts or occult power; to make use of charms.; v. i.: To act as or produce the effect of a charm; to please greatly; to be fascinating.; v. i.: To make a musical sound.
Found on page(s): [88]

formidable, - formidable,, Definition(s): a.: Exciting fear or apprehension; impressing dread; adapted to excite fear and deter from approach encounter or undertaking; alarming.
Found on page(s): [78]

loyalty. - loyalty., Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being loyal; fidelity to a superior or to duty love etc.
Found on page(s): [47]

winter. - winter., Definition(s): n.: The season of the year in which the sun shines most obliquely upon any region; the coldest season of the year.; n.: The period of decay old age death or the like.; v. i.: To pass the winter; to hibernate; as to winter in Florida.; v. i.: To keep feed or manage during the winter; as to winter young cattle on straw.
Found on page(s): [38]

faithful; - faithful;, Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [45]

friendship - friendship, Definition(s): n.: The state of being friends; friendly relation or attachment to a person or between persons; affection arising from mutual esteem and good will; friendliness; amity; good will.; n.: Aptness to unite; conformity; affinity; harmony; correspondence.
Found on page(s): [13, 22, 97]

till - till, Definition(s): n.: A vetch; a tare.; n.: A drawer.; n.: A tray or drawer in a chest.; n.: A money drawer in a shop or store.; n.: A deposit of clay sand and gravel without lamination formed in a glacier valley by means of the waters derived from the melting glaciers; -- sometimes applied to alluvium of an upper river terrace when not laminated and appearing as if formed in the same manner.; n.: A kind of coarse obdurate land.; v. t.: To; unto; up to; as far as; until; -- now used only in respect to time but formerly also of place degree etc. and still so used in Scotland and in parts of England and Ireland; as I worked till four o'clock; I will wait till next week.; conj.: As far as; up to the place or degree that; especially up to the time that; that is to the time specified in the sentence or clause following; until.; prep.: To plow and prepare for seed and to sow dress raise crops from etc. to cultivate; as to till the earth a field a farm.; prep.: To prepare; to get.; v. i.: To cultivate land.
Found on page(s): [38]

banishment - banishment, Definition(s): n.: The act of banishing or the state of being banished.
Found on page(s): [99]

inferiority - inferiority, Definition(s): : The state of being inferior; a lower state or condition; as inferiority of rank of talents of age of worth.
Found on page(s): [101]

secure - secure, Definition(s): a.: Free from fear care or anxiety; easy in mind; not feeling suspicion or distrust; confident.; a.: Overconfident; incautious; careless; -- in a bad sense.; a.: Confident in opinion; not entertaining or not having reason to entertain doubt; certain; sure; -- commonly with of; as secure of a welcome.; a.: Net exposed to danger; safe; -- applied to persons and things and followed by against or from.; v. t.: To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of or exposure to danger; to guard; to protect.; v. t.: To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; to insure; -- frequently with against or from rarely with of; as to secure a creditor against loss; to secure a debt by a mortgage.; v. t.: To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping; as to secure a prisoner; to secure a door or the hatches of a ship.; v. t.: To get possession of; to make one's self secure of; to acquire certainly; as to secure an estate.
Found on page(s): [5, 8, 12, 14, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 32, 36, 42, 54, 72, 90, 94, 102]

noble, - noble,, Definition(s): superl.: Possessing eminence elevation dignity etc.; above whatever is low mean degrading or dishonorable; magnanimous; as a noble nature or action; a noble heart.; superl.: Grand; stately; magnificent; splendid; as a noble edifice.; superl.: Of exalted rank; of or pertaining to the nobility; distinguished from the masses by birth station or title; highborn; as noble blood; a noble personage.; n.: A person of rank above a commoner; a nobleman; a peer.; n.: An English money of account and formerly a gold coin of the value of 6 s. 8 d. sterling or about $1.61.; n.: A European fish; the lyrie.; v. t.: To make noble; to ennoble.
Found on page(s): [65]

besides, - besides,, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; prep.: Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside prep. 3 and Syn. under Beside.
Found on page(s): [17]

handsome, - handsome,, Definition(s): superl.: Dexterous; skillful; handy; ready; convenient; -- applied to things as persons.; superl.: Agreeable to the eye or to correct taste; having a pleasing appearance or expression; attractive; having symmetry and dignity; comely; -- expressing more than pretty and less than beautiful; as a handsome man or woman; a handsome garment house tree horse.; superl.: Suitable or fit in action; marked with propriety and ease; graceful; becoming; appropriate; as a handsome style etc.; superl.: Evincing a becoming generosity or nobleness of character; liberal; generous.; superl.: Ample; moderately large.
Found on page(s): [87]

late - late, Definition(s): v.: Coming after the time when due or after the usual or proper time; not early; slow; tardy; long delayed; as a late spring.; v.: Far advanced toward the end or close; as a late hour of the day; a late period of life.; v.: Existing or holding some position not long ago but not now; lately deceased departed or gone out of office; as the late bishop of London; the late administration.; v.: Not long past; happening not long ago; recent; as the late rains; we have received late intelligence.; v.: Continuing or doing until an advanced hour of the night; as late revels; a late watcher.; a.: After the usual or proper time or the time appointed; after delay; as he arrived late; -- opposed to early.; a.: Not long ago; lately.; a.: Far in the night day week or other particular period; as to lie abed late; to sit up late at night.
Found on page(s): [21, 26, 48]

pensioner - pensioner, Definition(s): n.: One in receipt of a pension; hence figuratively a dependent.; n.: One of an honorable band of gentlemen who attend the sovereign of England on state occasions and receive an annual pension or allowance of ยฃ150 and two horses.; n.: In the university of Cambridge England one who pays for his living in commons; -- corresponding to commoner at Oxford.
Found on page(s): [9]

continue - continue, Definition(s): v. i.: To remain in a given place or condition; to remain in connection with; to abide; to stay.; v. i.: To be permanent or durable; to endure; to last.; v. i.: To be steadfast or constant in any course; to persevere; to abide; to endure; to persist; to keep up or maintain a particular condition course or series of actions; as the army continued to advance.; v. t.: To unite; to connect.; v. t.: To protract or extend in duration; to preserve or persist in; to cease not.; v. t.: To carry onward or extend; to prolong or produce; to add to or draw out in length.; v. t.: To retain; to suffer or cause to remain; as the trustees were continued; also to suffer to live.
Found on page(s): [16]

immense - immense, Definition(s): a.: Immeasurable; unlimited. In commonest use: Very great; vast; huge.
Found on page(s): [93, 97, 98]

inherent - inherent, Definition(s): a.: Permanently existing in something; inseparably attached or connected; naturally pertaining to; innate; inalienable; as polarity is an inherent quality of the magnet; the inherent right of men to life liberty and protection.
Found on page(s): [3]

realize - realize, Definition(s): v. t.: To make real; to convert from the imaginary or fictitious into the actual; to bring into concrete existence; to effectuate; to accomplish; as to realize a scheme or project.; v. t.: To cause to seem real; to impress upon the mind as actual; to feel vividly or strongly; to make one's own in apprehension or experience.; v. t.: To convert into real property; to make real estate of; as to realize his fortune.; v. t.: To acquire as an actual possession; to obtain as the result of plans and efforts; to gain; to get; as to realize large profits from a speculation.; v. t.: To convert into actual money; as to realize assets.; v. i.: To convert any kind of property into money especially property representing investments as shares in stock companies bonds etc.
Found on page(s): [8]

cautiously - cautiously, Definition(s): adv.: In a cautious manner.
Found on page(s): [89]

despair, - despair,, Definition(s): v. i.: To be hopeless; to have no hope; to give up all hope or expectation; -- often with of.; v. t.: To give up as beyond hope or expectation; to despair of.; v. t.: To cause to despair.; n.: Loss of hope; utter hopelessness; complete despondency.; n.: That which is despaired of.
Found on page(s): [54]

advantageous - advantageous, Definition(s): a.: Being of advantage; conferring advantage; gainful; profitable; useful; beneficial; as an advantageous position; trade is advantageous to a nation.
Found on page(s): [57, 66, 67, 81, 94]

disposition, - disposition,, Definition(s): n.: The act of disposing arranging ordering regulating or transferring; application; disposal; as the disposition of a man's property by will.; n.: The state or the manner of being disposed or arranged; distribution; arrangement; order; as the disposition of the trees in an orchard; the disposition of the several parts of an edifice.; n.: Tendency to any action or state resulting from natural constitution; nature; quality; as a disposition in plants to grow in a direction upward; a disposition in bodies to putrefaction.; n.: Conscious inclination; propension or propensity.; n.: Natural or prevailing spirit or temperament of mind especially as shown in intercourse with one's fellow-men; temper of mind.; n.: Mood; humor.
Found on page(s): [50]

Gazette, - Gazette,, Definition(s): n.: A newspaper; a printed sheet published periodically; esp. the official journal published by the British government and containing legal and state notices.; v. t.: To announce or publish in a gazette; to announce officially as an appointment or a case of bankruptcy.
Found on page(s): [42]

ready, - ready,, Definition(s): superl.: Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey.; superl.: Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished.; superl.: Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed.; superl.: Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman.; superl.: Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy.; superl.: On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive.; superl.: A word of command or a position in the manual of arms at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command which is aim.; adv.: In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay.; n.: Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as he was well supplied with the ready.; v. t.: To dispose in order.
Found on page(s): [97]

Nor - Nor, Definition(s): conj.: A negative connective or particle introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition following neither or not in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
Found on page(s): [1, 10, 12, 51, 76, 79]

priestly - priestly, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to a priest or the priesthood; sacerdotal; befitting or becoming a priest; as the priestly office; a priestly farewell.
Found on page(s): [88]

faithful, - faithful,, Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [6, 52, 53, 62, 78]

warn - warn, Definition(s): v. t.: To refuse.; v. t.: To make ware or aware; to give previous information to; to give notice to; to notify; to admonish; hence to notify or summon by authority; as to warn a town meeting; to warn a tenant to quit a house.; v. t.: To give notice to of approaching or probable danger or evil; to caution against anything that may prove injurious.; v. t.: To ward off.
Found on page(s): [64]

flatterer - flatterer, Definition(s): n.: One who flatters.
Found on page(s): [104]

faithful. - faithful., Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [17, 30, 69]

measure - measure, Definition(s): n.: A standard of dimension; a fixed unit of quantity or extent; an extent or quantity in the fractions or multiples of which anything is estimated and stated; hence a rule by which anything is adjusted or judged.; n.: An instrument by means of which size or quantity is measured as a graduated line rod vessel or the like.; n.: The dimensions or capacity of anything reckoned according to some standard; size or extent determined and stated; estimated extent; as to take one's measure for a coat.; n.: The contents of a vessel by which quantity is measured; a quantity determined by a standard; a stated or limited quantity or amount.; n.: Extent or degree not excessive or beyong bounds; moderation; due restraint; esp. in the phrases in measure; with measure; without or beyond measure.; n.: Determined extent not to be exceeded; limit; allotted share as of action influence ability or the like; due proportion.; n.: The quantity determined by measuring especially in buying and selling; as to give good or full measure.; n.: Undefined quantity; extent; degree.; n.: A regulated movement corresponding to the time in which the accompanying music is performed; but especially a slow and stately dance like the minuet.; n.: The group or grouping of beats caused by the regular recurrence of accented beats.; n.: The space between two bars.; a.: The manner of ordering and combining the quantities or long and short syllables; meter; rhythm; hence a foot; as a poem in iambic measure.; a.: A number which is contained in a given number a number of times without a remainder; as in the phrases the common measure the greatest common measure etc. of two or more numbers.; a.: A step or definite part of a progressive course or policy; a means to an end; an act designed for the accomplishment of an object; as political measures; prudent measures; an inefficient measure.; a.: The act of measuring; measurement.; a.: Beds or strata; as coal measures; lead measures.; n.: To ascertain by use of a measuring instrument; to compute or ascertain the extent quantity dimensions or capacity of by a certain rule or standard; to take the dimensions of; hence to estimate; to judge of; to value; to appraise.; n.: To serve as the measure of; as the thermometer measures changes of temperature.; n.: To pass throught or over in journeying as if laying off and determining the distance.; n.: To adjust by a rule or standard.; n.: To allot or distribute by measure; to set off or apart by measure; -- often with out or off.; v. i.: To make a measurement or measurements.; v. i.: To result or turn out on measuring; as the grain measures well; the pieces measure unequally.; v. i.: To be of a certain size or quantity or to have a certain length breadth or thickness or a certain capacity according to a standard measure; as cloth measures three fourths of a yard; a tree measures three feet in diameter.
Found on page(s): [18, 21, 25, 32, 95, 103]

manna, - manna,, Definition(s): n.: The food supplied to the Israelites in their journey through the wilderness of Arabia; hence divinely supplied food.; n.: A name given to lichens of the genus Lecanora sometimes blown into heaps in the deserts of Arabia and Africa and gathered and used as food.; n.: A sweetish exudation in the form of pale yellow friable flakes coming from several trees and shrubs and used in medicine as a gentle laxative as the secretion of Fraxinus Ornus and F. rotundifolia the manna ashes of Southern Europe.
Found on page(s): [77]

chalk - chalk, Definition(s): n.: A soft earthy substance of a white grayish or yellowish white color consisting of calcium carbonate and having the same composition as common limestone.; n.: Finely prepared chalk used as a drawing implement; also by extension a compound as of clay and black lead or the like used in the same manner. See Crayon.; v. t.: To rub or mark with chalk.; v. t.: To manure with chalk as land.; v. t.: To make white as with chalk; to make pale; to bleach.
Found on page(s): [34, 35]

playing - playing, Definition(s): : a. & vb. n. of Play.
Found on page(s): [87]

powerful, - powerful,, Definition(s): a.: Full of power; capable of producing great effects of any kind; potent; mighty; efficacious; intense; as a powerful man or beast; a powerful engine; a powerful argument; a powerful light; a powerful vessel.; a.: Large; capacious; -- said of veins of ore.
Found on page(s): [9, 16, 33, 80]

ready; - ready;, Definition(s): superl.: Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey.; superl.: Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished.; superl.: Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed.; superl.: Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman.; superl.: Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy.; superl.: On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive.; superl.: A word of command or a position in the manual of arms at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command which is aim.; adv.: In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay.; n.: Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as he was well supplied with the ready.; v. t.: To dispose in order.
Found on page(s): [82]

powerful. - powerful., Definition(s): a.: Full of power; capable of producing great effects of any kind; potent; mighty; efficacious; intense; as a powerful man or beast; a powerful engine; a powerful argument; a powerful light; a powerful vessel.; a.: Large; capacious; -- said of veins of ore.
Found on page(s): [8, 57, 61]

injurious - injurious, Definition(s): a.: Not just; wrongful; iniquitous; culpable.; a.: Causing injury or harm; hurtful; harmful; detrimental; mischievous; as acts injurious to health credit reputation property etc.
Found on page(s): [50]

weighty, - weighty,, Definition(s): superl.: Having weight; heavy; ponderous; as a weighty body.; superl.: Adapted to turn the balance in the mind or to convince; important; forcible; serious; momentous.; superl.: Rigorous; severe; afflictive.
Found on page(s): [107]

wickedness. - wickedness., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being wicked; departure from the rules of the divine or the moral law; evil disposition or practices; immorality; depravity; sinfulness.; n.: A wicked thing or act; crime; sin; iniquity.
Found on page(s): [26]

Besides, - Besides,, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; prep.: Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside prep. 3 and Syn. under Beside.
Found on page(s): [49]

retreat, - retreat,, Definition(s): n.: The act of retiring or withdrawing one's self especially from what is dangerous or disagreeable.; n.: The place to which anyone retires; a place or privacy or safety; a refuge; an asylum.; n.: The retiring of an army or body of men from the face of an enemy or from any ground occupied to a greater distance from the enemy or from an advanced position.; n.: The withdrawing of a ship or fleet from an enemy for the purpose of avoiding an engagement or escaping after defeat.; n.: A signal given in the army or navy by the beat of a drum or the sounding of trumpet or bugle at sunset (when the roll is called) or for retiring from action.; n.: A special season of solitude and silence to engage in religious exercises.; n.: A period of several days of withdrawal from society to a religious house for exclusive occupation in the duties of devotion; as to appoint or observe a retreat.; v. i.: To make a retreat; to retire from any position or place; to withdraw; as the defeated army retreated from the field.
Found on page(s): [43, 101]

impossible - impossible, Definition(s): a.: Not possible; incapable of being done of existing etc.; unattainable in the nature of things or by means at command; insuperably difficult under the circumstances; absurd or impracticable; not feasible.; n.: An impossibility.
Found on page(s): [12, 26, 31, 48, 53, 55, 64, 67, 75]

ungrateful, - ungrateful,, Definition(s): a.: Not grateful; not thankful for favors; making no returns or making ill return for kindness attention etc.; ingrateful.; a.: Unpleasing; unacceptable; disagreeable; as harsh sounds are ungrateful to the ear.
Found on page(s): [48]

anything - anything, Definition(s): n.: Any object act state event or fact whatever; thing of any kind; something or other; aught; as I would not do it for anything.; n.: Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like.; adv.: In any measure; anywise; at all.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 15, 16, 22, 25, 42, 43, 52, 53, 66, 81, 94, 103]

courageous - courageous, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or characterized by courage; brave; bold.
Found on page(s): [31, 32]

arrangement, - arrangement,, Definition(s): n.: The act of arranging or putting in an orderly condition; the state of being arranged or put in order; disposition in suitable form.; n.: The manner or result of arranging; system of parts disposed in due order; regular and systematic classification; as arrangement of one's dress; the Linnaean arrangement of plants.; n.: Preparatory proceeding or measure; preparation; as we have made arrangement for receiving company.; n.: Settlement; adjustment by agreement; as the parties have made an arrangement between themselves concerning their disputes; a satisfactory arrangement.; n.: The adaptation of a composition to voices or instruments for which it was not originally written.; n.: A piece so adapted; a transcription; as a pianoforte arrangement of Beethoven's symphonies; an orchestral arrangement of a song an opera or the like.
Found on page(s): [56]

prudent - prudent, Definition(s): a.: Sagacious in adapting means to ends; circumspect in action or in determining any line of conduct; practically wise; judicious; careful; discreet; sensible; -- opposed to rash; as a prudent man; dictated or directed by prudence or wise forethought; evincing prudence; as prudent behavior.; a.: Frugal; economical; not extravagant; as a prudent woman; prudent expenditure of money.
Found on page(s): [7, 36, 45, 53, 56, 71, 104]

hungry; - hungry;, Definition(s): superl.: Feeling hunger; having a keen appetite; feeling uneasiness or distress from want of food; hence having an eager desire.; superl.: Showing hunger or a craving desire; voracious.; superl.: Not rich or fertile; poor; barren; starved; as a hungry soil.
Found on page(s): [106]

notwithstanding - notwithstanding, Definition(s): prep.: Without prevention or obstruction from or by; in spite of.; adv. / conj.: Nevertheless; however; although; as I shall go notwithstanding it rains.
Found on page(s): [5, 18, 26, 60, 91]

EXHORTATION - EXHORTATION, Definition(s): n.: The act of practice of exhorting; the act of inciting to laudable deeds; incitement to that which is good or commendable.; n.: Language intended to incite and encourage; advice; counsel; admonition.
Found on page(s): [76]

crime; - crime;, Definition(s): n.: Any violation of law either divine or human; an omission of a duty commanded or the commission of an act forbidden by law.; n.: Gross violation of human law in distinction from a misdemeanor or trespass or other slight offense. Hence also any aggravated offense against morality or the public welfare; any outrage or great wrong.; n.: Any great wickedness or sin; iniquity.; n.: That which occasion crime.
Found on page(s): [55]

aggrandizement - aggrandizement, Definition(s): n.: The act of aggrandizing or the state of being aggrandized or exalted in power rank honor or wealth; exaltation; enlargement; as the emperor seeks only the aggrandizement of his own family.
Found on page(s): [19]

genius - genius, Definition(s): n.: A good or evil spirit or demon supposed by the ancients to preside over a man's destiny in life; a tutelary deity; a supernatural being; a spirit good or bad. Cf. Jinnee.; n.: The peculiar structure of mind with whoch each individual is endowed by nature; that disposition or aptitude of mind which is peculiar to each man and which qualifies him for certain kinds of action or special success in any pursuit; special taste inclination or disposition; as a genius for history for poetry or painting.; n.: Peculiar character; animating spirit as of a nation a religion a language.; n.: Distinguished mental superiority; uncommon intellectual power; especially superior power of invention or origination of any kind or of forming new combinations; as a man of genius.; n.: A man endowed with uncommon vigor of mind; a man of superior intellectual faculties; as Shakespeare was a rare genius.
Found on page(s): [24, 27, 103]

comparison, - comparison,, Definition(s): n.: The act of comparing; an examination of two or more objects with the view of discovering the resemblances or differences; relative estimate.; n.: The state of being compared; a relative estimate; also a state quality or relation admitting of being compared; as to bring a thing into comparison with another; there is no comparison between them.; n.: That to which or with which a thing is compared as being equal or like; illustration; similitude.; n.: The modification by inflection or otherwise which the adjective and adverb undergo to denote degrees of quality or quantity; as little less least are examples of comparison.; n.: A figure by which one person or thing is compared to another or the two are considered with regard to some property or quality which is common to them both; e.g. the lake sparkled like a jewel.; n.: The faculty of the reflective group which is supposed to perceive resemblances and contrasts.; v. t.: To compare.
Found on page(s): [77]

inasmuch - inasmuch, Definition(s): adv.: In like degree; in like manner; seeing that; considering that; since; -- followed by as. See In as much as under In prep.
Found on page(s): [3, 24, 29, 33, 53, 63, 103]

Jove - Jove, Definition(s): n.: The chief divinity of the ancient Romans; Jupiter.; n.: The planet Jupiter.; n.: The metal tin.
Found on page(s): [86]

delightful - delightful, Definition(s): a.: Highly pleasing; affording great pleasure and satisfaction.
Found on page(s): [88, 104]

observing - observing, Definition(s): a.: Giving particular attention; habitually attentive to what passes; as an observing person; an observing mind.
Found on page(s): [10, 69]

Testament - Testament, Definition(s): n.: A solemn authentic instrument in writing by which a person declares his will as to disposal of his estate and effects after his death.; n.: One of the two distinct revelations of God's purposes toward man; a covenant; also one of the two general divisions of the canonical books of the sacred Scriptures in which the covenants are respectively revealed; as the Old Testament; the New Testament; -- often limited in colloquial language to the latter.
Found on page(s): [40]

offend; - offend;, Definition(s): v. t.: To strike against; to attack; to assail.; v. t.: To displease; to make angry; to affront.; v. t.: To be offensive to; to harm; to pain; to annoy; as strong light offends the eye; to offend the conscience.; v. t.: To transgress; to violate; to sin against.; v. t.: To oppose or obstruct in duty; to cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.
Found on page(s): [3]

shadow - shadow, Definition(s): n.: Shade within defined limits; obscurity or deprivation of light apparent on a surface and representing the form of the body which intercepts the rays of light; as the shadow of a man of a tree or of a tower. See the Note under Shade n. 1.; n.: Darkness; shade; obscurity.; n.: A shaded place; shelter; protection; security.; n.: A reflected image as in a mirror or in water.; n.: That which follows or attends a person or thing like a shadow; an inseparable companion; hence an obsequious follower.; n.: A spirit; a ghost; a shade; a phantom.; n.: An imperfect and faint representation; adumbration; indistinct image; dim bodying forth; hence mystical representation; type.; n.: A small degree; a shade.; n.: An uninvited guest coming with one who is invited.; n.: To cut off light from; to put in shade; to shade; to throw a shadow upon; to overspead with obscurity.; n.: To conceal; to hide; to screen.; n.: To protect; to shelter from danger; to shroud.; n.: To mark with gradations of light or color; to shade.; n.: To represent faintly or imperfectly; to adumbrate; hence to represent typically.; n.: To cloud; to darken; to cast a gloom over.; n.: To attend as closely as a shadow; to follow and watch closely especially in a secret or unobserved manner; as a detective shadows a criminal.
Found on page(s): [27]

dominion - dominion, Definition(s): n.: Sovereign or supreme authority; the power of governing and controlling; independent right of possession use and control; sovereignty; supremacy.; n.: Superior prominence; predominance; ascendency.; n.: That which is governed; territory over which authority is exercised; the tract district or county considered as subject; as the dominions of a king. Also used figuratively; as the dominion of the passions.; n.: A supposed high order of angels; dominations. See Domination 3.
Found on page(s): [32, 72, 79, 98, 99]

wheeled - wheeled, Definition(s): a.: Having wheels; -- used chiefly in composition; as a four-wheeled carriage.
Found on page(s): [84]

happy - happy, Definition(s): superl.: Favored by hap luck or fortune; lucky; fortunate; successful; prosperous; satisfying desire; as a happy expedient; a happy effort; a happy venture; a happy omen.; superl.: Experiencing the effect of favorable fortune; having the feeling arising from the consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind as peace tranquillity comfort; contented; joyous; as happy hours happy thoughts.; superl.: Dexterous; ready; apt; felicitous.
Found on page(s): [27, 61, 74, 104]

assassination - assassination, Definition(s): n.: The act of assassinating; a killing by treacherous violence.
Found on page(s): [55]

sickness - sickness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being sick or diseased; illness; sisease or malady.; n.: Nausea; qualmishness; as sickness of stomach.
Found on page(s): [22]

infant - infant, Definition(s): n.: A child in the first period of life beginning at his birth; a young babe; sometimes a child several years of age.; n.: A person who is not of full age or who has not attained the age of legal capacity; a person under the age of twenty-one years; a minor.; n.: Same as Infante.; a.: Of or pertaining to infancy or the first period of life; tender; not mature; as infant strength.; a.: Intended for young children; as an infant school.; v. t.: To bear or bring forth as a child; hence to produce in general.
Found on page(s): [48]

offence - offence, Definition(s): n.: See Offense.; n.: The act of offending in any sense; esp. a crime or a sin an affront or an injury.; n.: The state of being offended or displeased; anger; displeasure.; n.: A cause or occasion of stumbling or of sin.
Found on page(s): [34, 50, 88]

unbelieving, - unbelieving,, Definition(s): a.: Not believing; incredulous; doubting; distrusting; skeptical.; a.: Believing the thing alleged no to be true; disbelieving; especially believing that Bible is not a divine revelation or that Christ was not a divine or a supernatural person.
Found on page(s): [45]

forbearance, - forbearance,, Definition(s): n.: The act of forbearing or waiting; the exercise of patience.; n.: The quality of being forbearing; indulgence toward offenders or enemies; long-suffering.
Found on page(s): [49]

WITHSTAND - WITHSTAND, Definition(s): prep.: To stand against; to oppose; to resist either with physical or moral force; as to withstand an attack of troops; to withstand eloquence or arguments.
Found on page(s): [73]

fatherland. - fatherland., Definition(s): n.: One's native land; the native land of one's fathers or ancestors.
Found on page(s): [15]

supreme - supreme, Definition(s): a.: Highest in authority; holding the highest place in authority government or power.; a.: Highest; greatest; most excellent or most extreme; utmost; greatist possible (sometimes in a bad sense); as supreme love; supreme glory; supreme magnanimity; supreme folly.; a.: Situated at the highest part or point.
Found on page(s): [59, 80]

attention. - attention., Definition(s): n.: The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense representation or thought; notice; exclusive or special consideration; earnest consideration thought or regard; obedient or affectionate heed; the supposed power or faculty of attending.; n.: An act of civility or courtesy; care for the comfort and pleasure of others; as attentions paid to a stranger.
Found on page(s): [77]

enemy. - enemy., Definition(s): n.: One hostile to another; one who hates and desires or attempts the injury of another; a foe; an adversary; as an enemy of or to a person; an enemy to truth or to falsehood.; a.: Hostile; inimical.
Found on page(s): [34, 80, 90, 98, 101, 106]

attention, - attention,, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense representation or thought; notice; exclusive or special consideration; earnest consideration thought or regard; obedient or affectionate heed; the supposed power or faculty of attending.; n.: An act of civility or courtesy; care for the comfort and pleasure of others; as attentions paid to a stranger.
Found on page(s): [20]

enemy, - enemy,, Definition(s): n.: One hostile to another; one who hates and desires or attempts the injury of another; a foe; an adversary; as an enemy of or to a person; an enemy to truth or to falsehood.; a.: Hostile; inimical.
Found on page(s): [31, 43, 55, 65, 66, 82, 90, 97, 100]

fixed, - fixed,, Definition(s): a.: Securely placed or fastened; settled; established; firm; imovable; unalterable.; a.: Stable; non-volatile.
Found on page(s): [75, 100]

lay, - lay,, Definition(s): imp.: of Lie to recline.; a.: Of or pertaining to the laity as distinct from the clergy; as a lay person; a lay preacher; a lay brother.; a.: Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.; a.: Not belonging to or emanating from a particular profession; unprofessional; as a lay opinion regarding the nature of a disease.; n.: The laity; the common people.; n.: A meadow. See Lea.; n.: Faith; creed; religious profession.; n.: A law.; n.: An obligation; a vow.; a.: A song; a simple lyrical poem; a ballad.; a.: A melody; any musical utterance.; v. t.: To cause to lie down to be prostrate or to lie against something; to put or set down; to deposit; as to lay a book on the table; to lay a body in the grave; a shower lays the dust.; v. t.: To place in position; to establish firmly; to arrange with regularity; to dispose in ranks or tiers; as to lay a corner stone; to lay bricks in a wall; to lay the covers on a table.; v. t.: To prepare; to make ready; to contrive; to provide; as to lay a snare an ambush or a plan.; v. t.: To spread on a surface; as to lay plaster or paint.; v. t.: To cause to be still; to calm; to allay; to suppress; to exorcise as an evil spirit.; v. t.: To cause to lie dead or dying.; v. t.: To deposit as a wager; to stake; to risk.; v. t.: To bring forth and deposit; as to lay eggs.; v. t.: To apply; to put.; v. t.: To impose as a burden suffering or punishment; to assess as a tax; as to lay a tax on land.; v. t.: To impute; to charge; to allege.; v. t.: To impose as a command or a duty; as to lay commands on one.; v. t.: To present or offer; as to lay an indictment in a particular county; to lay a scheme before one.; v. t.: To state; to allege; as to lay the venue.; v. t.: To point; to aim; as to lay a gun.; v. t.: To put the strands of (a rope a cable etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them; as to lay a cable or rope.; v. t.: To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.; v. t.: To place (new type) properly in the cases.; v. i.: To produce and deposit eggs.; v. i.: To take a position; to come or go; as to lay forward; to lay aloft.; v. i.: To lay a wager; to bet.; n.: That which lies or is laid or is conceived of as having been laid or placed in its position; a row; a stratum; a layer; as a lay of stone or wood.; v. t.: A wager.; v. t.: A job price or profit.; v. t.: A share of the proceeds or profits of an enterprise; as when a man ships for a whaling voyage he agrees for a certain lay.; v. t.: A measure of yarn; a lea. See 1st Lea (a).; v. t.: The lathe of a loom. See Lathe 3.; v. t.: A plan; a scheme.
Found on page(s): [96]

running, - running,, Definition(s): a.: Moving or advancing by running.; a.: Having a running gait; not a trotter or pacer.; a.: trained and kept for running races; as a running horse.; a.: Successive; one following the other without break or intervention; -- said of periods of time; as to be away two days running; to sow land two years running.; a.: Flowing; easy; cursive; as a running hand.; a.: Continuous; keeping along step by step; as he stated the facts with a running explanation.; a.: Extending by a slender climbing or trailing stem; as a running vine.; a.: Discharging pus; as a running sore.; n.: The act of one who or of that which runs; as the running was slow.; n.: That which runs or flows; the quantity of a liquid which flows in a certain time or during a certain operation; as the first running of a still.; n.: The discharge from an ulcer or other sore.
Found on page(s): [87]

raised. - raised., Definition(s): a.: Lifted up; showing above the surroundings; as raised or embossed metal work.; a.: Leavened; made with leaven or yeast; -- used of bread cake etc. as distinguished from that made with cream of tartar soda etc. See Raise v. t. 4.
Found on page(s): [63]

stubborn - stubborn, Definition(s): a.: Firm as a stub or stump; stiff; unbending; unyielding; persistent; hence unreasonably obstinate in will or opinion; not yielding to reason or persuasion; refractory; harsh; -- said of persons and things; as stubborn wills; stubborn ore; a stubborn oak; as stubborn as a mule.
Found on page(s): [79]

desist - desist, Definition(s): v. i.: To cease to proceed or act; to stop; to forbear; -- often with from.
Found on page(s): [19]

assistance. - assistance., Definition(s): n.: The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support.; n.: An assistant or helper; a body of helpers.; n.: Persons present.
Found on page(s): [80, 81, 93, 95]

assistance, - assistance,, Definition(s): n.: The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support.; n.: An assistant or helper; a body of helpers.; n.: Persons present.
Found on page(s): [67, 95]

fallacious. - fallacious., Definition(s): a.: Embodying or pertaining to a fallacy; illogical; fitted to deceive; misleading; delusive; as fallacious arguments or reasoning.
Found on page(s): [63]

Whilst - Whilst, Definition(s): adv.: While.
Found on page(s): [94, 96, 106]

beyond; - beyond;, Definition(s): prep.: On the further side of; in the same direction as and further on or away than.; prep.: At a place or time not yet reached; before.; prep.: Past out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength.; prep.: In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above as in dignity excellence or quality of any kind.; adv.: Further away; at a distance; yonder.
Found on page(s): [96]

theme - theme, Definition(s): n.: A subject or topic on which a person writes or speaks; a proposition for discussion or argument; a text.; n.: Discourse on a certain subject.; n.: A composition or essay required of a pupil.; n.: A noun or verb not modified by inflections; also that part of a noun or verb which remains unchanged (except by euphonic variations) in declension or conjugation; stem.; n.: That by means of which a thing is done; means; instrument.; n.: The leading subject of a composition or a movement.
Found on page(s): [1]

dominion, - dominion,, Definition(s): n.: Sovereign or supreme authority; the power of governing and controlling; independent right of possession use and control; sovereignty; supremacy.; n.: Superior prominence; predominance; ascendency.; n.: That which is governed; territory over which authority is exercised; the tract district or county considered as subject; as the dominions of a king. Also used figuratively; as the dominion of the passions.; n.: A supposed high order of angels; dominations. See Domination 3.
Found on page(s): [64]

assent, - assent,, Definition(s): v. t.: To admit a thing as true; to express one's agreement acquiescence concurrence or concession.; v.: The act of assenting; the act of the mind in admitting or agreeing to anything; concurrence with approval; consent; agreement; acquiescence.
Found on page(s): [24]

desire - desire, Definition(s): v. t.: To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet.; v. t.: To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.; v. t.: To require; to demand; to claim.; v. t.: To miss; to regret.; v. t.: The natural longing that is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of any good and impels to action or effort its continuance or possession; an eager wish to obtain or enjoy.; v. t.: An expressed wish; a request; petition.; v. t.: Anything which is desired; an object of longing.; v. t.: Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.; v. t.: Grief; regret.
Found on page(s): [2, 12, 14, 16, 27, 32, 39, 47, 70, 75, 87, 97]

touching - touching, Definition(s): a.: Affecting; moving; pathetic; as a touching tale.; prep.: Concerning; with respect to.; n.: The sense or act of feeling; touch.
Found on page(s): [31]

efficient - efficient, Definition(s): n.: Causing effects; producing results; that makes the effect to be what it is; actively operative; not inactive slack or incapable; characterized by energetic and useful activity; as an efficient officer power.; n.: An efficient cause; a prime mover.
Found on page(s): [90]

consistent - consistent, Definition(s): a.: Possessing firmness or fixedness; firm; hard; solid.; a.: Having agreement with itself or with something else; having harmony among its parts; possesing unity; accordant; harmonious; congruous; compatible; uniform; not contradictory.; a.: Living or acting in conformity with one's belief or professions.
Found on page(s): [49]

disgrace - disgrace, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being out of favor; loss of favor regard or respect.; n.: The state of being dishonored or covered with shame; dishonor; shame; ignominy.; n.: That which brings dishonor; cause of shame or reproach; great discredit; as vice is a disgrace to a rational being.; n.: An act of unkindness; a disfavor.; n.: To put out favor; to dismiss with dishonor.; n.: To do disfavor to; to bring reproach or shame upon; to dishonor; to treat or cover with ignominy; to lower in estimation.; n.: To treat discourteously; to upbraid; to revile.
Found on page(s): [72, 89]

lately - lately, Definition(s): adv.: Not long ago; recently; as he has lately arrived from Italy.
Found on page(s): [76]

OUGHT - OUGHT, Definition(s): n. & adv.: See Aught.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Was or were under obligation to pay; owed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Owned; possessed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be bound in duty or by moral obligation.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be necessary fit becoming or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed.; : of Owe.
Found on page(s): [30]

sword - sword, Definition(s): n.: An offensive weapon having a long and usually sharp/pointed blade with a cutting edge or edges. It is the general term including the small sword rapier saber scimiter and many other varieties.; n.: Hence the emblem of judicial vengeance or punishment or of authority and power.; n.: Destruction by the sword or in battle; war; dissension.; n.: The military power of a country.; n.: One of the end bars by which the lay of a hand loom is suspended.
Found on page(s): [66]

eat," - eat,", Definition(s): : of Eat.; : of Eat.; v. t.: To chew and swallow as food; to devour; -- said especially of food not liquid; as to eat bread.; v. t.: To corrode as metal by rust; to consume the flesh as a cancer; to waste or wear away; to destroy gradually; to cause to disappear.; v. i.: To take food; to feed; especially to take solid in distinction from liquid food; to board.; v. i.: To taste or relish; as it eats like tender beef.; v. i.: To make one's way slowly.
Found on page(s): [105]

Sicilian,(*) - Sicilian,(*), Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Sicily or its inhabitants.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Sicily.
Found on page(s): [23]

antiquity - antiquity, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being ancient; ancientness; great age; as a statue of remarkable antiquity; a family of great antiquity.; n.: Old age.; n.: Ancient times; former ages; times long since past; as Cicero was an eloquent orator of antiquity.; n.: The ancients; the people of ancient times.; n.: An old gentleman.; n.: A relic or monument of ancient times; as a coin a statue etc.; an ancient institution. [In this sense usually in the plural.
Found on page(s): [3, 11]

permanent - permanent, Definition(s): a.: Continuing in the same state or without any change that destroys form or character; remaining unaltered or unremoved; abiding; durable; fixed; stable; lasting; as a permanent impression.
Found on page(s): [68]

foster - foster, Definition(s): v. t.: To feed; to nourish; to support; to bring up.; v. t.: To cherish; to promote the growth of; to encourage; to sustain and promote; as to foster genius.; v. i.: To be nourished or trained up together.; v. t.: Relating to nourishment; affording receiving or sharing nourishment or nurture; -- applied to father mother child brother etc. to indicate that the person so called stands in the relation of parent child brother etc. as regards sustenance and nurture but not by tie of blood.; n.: A forester.; n.: One who or that which fosters.
Found on page(s): [33, 63]

palace, - palace,, Definition(s): n.: The residence of a sovereign including the lodgings of high officers of state and rooms for business as well as halls for ceremony and reception.; n.: The official residence of a bishop or other distinguished personage.; n.: Loosely any unusually magnificent or stately house.
Found on page(s): [25, 95]

choice - choice, Definition(s): n.: Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election.; n.: The power or opportunity of choosing; option.; n.: Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred and in giving a preference; discrimination.; n.: A sufficient number to choose among.; n.: The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection.; n.: The best part; that which is preferable.; superl.: Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable.; superl.: Preserving or using with care as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as to be choice of time or of money.; superl.: Selected with care and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
Found on page(s): [67, 69]

torn, - torn,, Definition(s): : p. p. of Tear.
Found on page(s): [76]

replace - replace, Definition(s): v. t.: To place again; to restore to a former place position condition or the like.; v. t.: To refund; to repay; to restore; as to replace a sum of money borrowed.; v. t.: To supply or substitute an equivalent for; as to replace a lost document.; v. t.: To take the place of; to supply the want of; to fulfull the end or office of.; v. t.: To put in a new or different place.
Found on page(s): [11]

listen - listen, Definition(s): v. i.: To give close attention with the purpose of hearing; to give ear; to hearken; to attend.; v. i.: To give heed; to yield to advice; to follow admonition; to obey.; v. t.: To attend to.
Found on page(s): [43, 70, 103]

morning. - morning., Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as morning dew; morning light; morning service.
Found on page(s): [97]

hit - hit, Definition(s): adj.: having become very popular or acclaimed; -- said of entertainment performances; as a hit record a hit movie.
Found on page(s): [14]

morning, - morning,, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as morning dew; morning light; morning service.
Found on page(s): [86, 93]

beat - beat, Definition(s): v. t.: To strike repeatedly; to lay repeated blows upon; as to beat one's breast; to beat iron so as to shape it; to beat grain in order to force out the seeds; to beat eggs and sugar; to beat a drum.; v. t.: To punish by blows; to thrash.; v. t.: To scour or range over in hunting accompanied with the noise made by striking bushes etc. for the purpose of rousing game.; v. t.: To dash against or strike as with water or wind.; v. t.: To tread as a path.; v. t.: To overcome in a battle contest strife race game etc.; to vanquish or conquer; to surpass.; v. t.: To cheat; to chouse; to swindle; to defraud; -- often with out.; v. t.: To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble.; v. t.: To give the signal for by beat of drum; to sound by beat of drum; as to beat an alarm a charge a parley a retreat; to beat the general the reveille the tattoo. See Alarm Charge Parley etc.; v. i.: To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly.; v. i.: To move with pulsation or throbbing.; v. i.: To come or act with violence; to dash or fall with force; to strike anything as rain wind and waves do.; v. i.: To be in agitation or doubt.; v. i.: To make progress against the wind by sailing in a zigzag line or traverse.; v. i.: To make a sound when struck; as the drums beat.; v. i.: To make a succession of strokes on a drum; as the drummers beat to call soldiers to their quarters.; v. i.: To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and less intensity so as to produce a pulsating effect; -- said of instruments tones or vibrations not perfectly in unison.; n.: A stroke; a blow.; n.: A recurring stroke; a throb; a pulsation; as a beat of the heart; the beat of the pulse.; n.: The rise or fall of the hand or foot marking the divisions of time; a division of the measure so marked. In the rhythm of music the beat is the unit.; n.: A transient grace note struck immediately before the one it is intended to ornament.; n.: A sudden swelling or reenforcement of a sound recurring at regular intervals and produced by the interference of sound waves of slightly different periods of vibrations; applied also by analogy to other kinds of wave motions; the pulsation or throbbing produced by the vibrating together of two tones not quite in unison. See Beat v. i. 8.; v. i.: A round or course which is frequently gone over; as a watchman's beat.; v. i.: A place of habitual or frequent resort.; v. i.: A cheat or swindler of the lowest grade; -- often emphasized by dead; as a dead beat.; a.: Weary; tired; fatigued; exhausted.
Found on page(s): [36, 56, 75]

politics. - politics., Definition(s): n.: The science of government; that part of ethics which has to do with the regulation and government of a nation or state the preservation of its safety peace and prosperity the defense of its existence and rights against foreign control or conquest the augmentation of its strength and resources and the protection of its citizens in their rights with the preservation and improvement of their morals.; n.: The management of a political party; the conduct and contests of parties with reference to political measures or the administration of public affairs; the advancement of candidates to office; in a bad sense artful or dishonest management to secure the success of political candidates or parties; political trickery.
Found on page(s): [71]

bear - bear, Definition(s): v. t.: To support or sustain; to hold up.; v. t.: To support and remove or carry; to convey.; v. t.: To conduct; to bring; -- said of persons.; v. t.: To possess and use as power; to exercise.; v. t.: To sustain; to have on (written or inscribed or as a mark) as the tablet bears this inscription.; v. t.: To possess or carry as a mark of authority or distinction; to wear; as to bear a sword badge or name.; v. t.: To endure; to tolerate; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To gain or win.; v. t.: To sustain or be answerable for as blame expense responsibility etc.; v. t.: To render or give; to bring forward.; v. t.: To carry on or maintain; to have.; v. t.: To admit or be capable of; that is to suffer or sustain without violence injury or change.; v. t.: To manage wield or direct.; v. t.: To behave; to conduct.; v. t.: To afford; to be to; to supply with.; v. t.: To bring forth or produce; to yield; as to bear apples; to bear children; to bear interest.; v. i.: To produce as fruit; to be fruitful in opposition to barrenness.; v. i.: To suffer as in carrying a burden.; v. i.: To endure with patience; to be patient.; v. i.: To press; -- with on or upon or against.; v. i.: To take effect; to have influence or force; as to bring matters to bear.; v. i.: To have a certain meaning intent or effect.; v. i.: To be situated as to the point of compass with respect to something else; as the land bears N. by E.; n.: A bier.; n.: Any species of the genus Ursus and of the closely allied genera. Bears are plantigrade Carnivora but they live largely on fruit and insects.; n.: An animal which has some resemblance to a bear in form or habits but no real affinity; as the woolly bear; ant bear; water bear; sea bear.; n.: One of two constellations in the northern hemisphere called respectively the Great Bear and the Lesser Bear or Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.; n.: Metaphorically: A brutal coarse or morose person.; n.: A person who sells stocks or securities for future delivery in expectation of a fall in the market.; n.: A portable punching machine.; n.: A block covered with coarse matting; -- used to scour the deck.; v. t.: To endeavor to depress the price of or prices in; as to bear a railroad stock; to bear the market.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [5, 11, 77]

consider - consider, Definition(s): v. t.: To fix the mind on with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on.; v. t.: To look at attentively; to observe; to examine.; v. t.: To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.; v. t.: To estimate; to think; to regard; to view.; v. i.: To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate.; v. i.: To hesitate.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 12, 18, 21, 23, 27, 30, 42, 56, 61, 63, 64, 65, 69, 74, 75]

whither - whither, Definition(s): adv.: To what or which place; -- used relatively.; adv.: To what point degree end conclusion or design; whereunto; whereto; -- used in a sense not physical.
Found on page(s): [25]

resist - resist, Definition(s): v. t.: To stand against; to withstand; to obstruct.; v. t.: To strive against; to endeavor to counteract defeat or frustrate; to act in opposition to; to oppose.; v. t.: To counteract as a force by inertia or reaction.; v. t.: To be distasteful to.; v. i.: To make opposition.; n.: A substance used to prevent a color or mordant from fixing on those parts to which it has been applied either by acting machanically in preventing the color etc. from reaching the cloth or chemically in changing the color so as to render it incapable of fixing itself in the fibers.. The pastes prepared for this purpose are called resist pastes.
Found on page(s): [21, 27, 44, 54, 74, 78]

abstain. - abstain., Definition(s): v. i.: To hold one's self aloof; to forbear or refrain voluntarily and especially from an indulgence of the passions or appetites; -- with from.; v. t.: To hinder; to withhold.
Found on page(s): [54]

strong, - strong,, Definition(s): superl.: Having active physical power or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous.; superl.: Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as a strong constitution; strong health.; superl.: Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken; as a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town.; superl.: Having great military or naval force; powerful; as a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea.; superl.: Having great wealth means or resources; as a strong house or company of merchants.; superl.: Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers; as an army ten thousand strong.; superl.: Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous; as a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide.; superl.: Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; powerful; forcible; cogent; as a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language.; superl.: Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged; as a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory.; superl.: Having virtues of great efficacy; or having a particular quality in a great degree; as a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee.; superl.: Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating; as strong liquors.; superl.: Affecting any sense powerfully; as strong light colors etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent.; superl.: Solid; nourishing; as strong meat.; superl.: Well established; firm; not easily overthrown or altered; as a strong custom; a strong belief.; superl.: Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent.; superl.: Having great force vigor power or the like as the mind intellect or any faculty; as a man of a strong mind memory judgment or imagination.; superl.: Vigorous; effective; forcible; powerful.; superl.: Tending to higher prices; rising; as a strong market.; superl.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive strove striven; break broke broken; drink drank drunk. Opposed to weak or regular. See Weak.; superl.: Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon etc. which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform or are irregular.
Found on page(s): [33]

politician, - politician,, Definition(s): n.: One versed or experienced in the science of government; one devoted to politics; a statesman.; n.: One primarily devoted to his own advancement in public office or to the success of a political party; -- used in a depreciatory sense; one addicted or attached to politics as managed by parties (see Politics 2); a schemer; an intriguer; as a mere politician.; a.: Cunning; using artifice; politic; artful.
Found on page(s): [52]

disarm - disarm, Definition(s): v. t.: To deprive of arms; to take away the weapons of; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless.; v. t.: To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous; as to disarm a man's wrath.
Found on page(s): [62]

valorous - valorous, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or exhibiting valor; brave; courageous; valiant; intrepid.
Found on page(s): [15]

strong. - strong., Definition(s): superl.: Having active physical power or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous.; superl.: Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as a strong constitution; strong health.; superl.: Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken; as a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town.; superl.: Having great military or naval force; powerful; as a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea.; superl.: Having great wealth means or resources; as a strong house or company of merchants.; superl.: Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers; as an army ten thousand strong.; superl.: Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous; as a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide.; superl.: Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; powerful; forcible; cogent; as a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language.; superl.: Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged; as a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory.; superl.: Having virtues of great efficacy; or having a particular quality in a great degree; as a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee.; superl.: Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating; as strong liquors.; superl.: Affecting any sense powerfully; as strong light colors etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent.; superl.: Solid; nourishing; as strong meat.; superl.: Well established; firm; not easily overthrown or altered; as a strong custom; a strong belief.; superl.: Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent.; superl.: Having great force vigor power or the like as the mind intellect or any faculty; as a man of a strong mind memory judgment or imagination.; superl.: Vigorous; effective; forcible; powerful.; superl.: Tending to higher prices; rising; as a strong market.; superl.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive strove striven; break broke broken; drink drank drunk. Opposed to weak or regular. See Weak.; superl.: Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon etc. which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform or are irregular.
Found on page(s): [104]

square - square, Definition(s): n.: The corner or angle of a figure.; n.: A parallelogram having four equal sides and four right angles.; n.: A square piece or fragment.; n.: A pane of glass.; n.: A certain number of lines forming a portion of a column nearly square; -- used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers.; n.: One hundred superficial feet.; n.: An area of four sides generally with houses on each side; sometimes a solid block of houses; also an open place or area for public use as at the meeting or intersection of two or more streets.; n.: An instrument having at least one right angle and two or more straight edges used to lay out or test square work. It is of several forms as the T square the carpenter's square the try-square. etc.; n.: Hence a pattern or rule.; n.: The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; thus 64 is the square of 8 for 8 / 8 = 64; the square of a + b is a2 + 2ab + b2.; n.: Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule.; n.: A body of troops formed in a square esp. one formed to resist a charge of cavalry; a squadron.; n.: Fig.: The relation of harmony or exact agreement; equality; level.; n.: The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate.; n.: The act of squaring or quarreling; a quarrel.; n.: The front of a woman's dress over the bosom usually worked or embroidered.; a.: Having four equal sides and four right angles; as a square figure.; a.: Forming a right angle; as a square corner.; a.: Having a shape broad for the height with rectilineal and angular rather than curving outlines; as a man of a square frame.; a.: Exactly suitable or correspondent; true; just.; a.: Rendering equal justice; exact; fair; honest as square dealing.; a.: Even; leaving no balance; as to make or leave the accounts square.; a.: Leaving nothing; hearty; vigorous.; a.: At right angles with the mast or the keel and parallel to the horizon; -- said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced.; n.: To form with four sides and four right angles.; n.: To form with right angles and straight lines or flat surfaces; as to square mason's work.; n.: To compare with or reduce to any given measure or standard.; n.: To adjust; to regulate; to mold; to shape; to fit; as to square our actions by the opinions of others.; n.: To make even so as leave no remainder of difference; to balance; as to square accounts.; n.: To multiply by itself; as to square a number or a quantity.; n.: To hold a quartile position respecting.; n.: To place at right angles with the keel; as to square the yards.; v. i.: To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to conform or agree; to suit; to fit.; v. i.: To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense or of defiance; to quarrel.; v. i.: To take a boxing attitude; -- often with up sometimes with off.
Found on page(s): [83, 84, 87]

twice - twice, Definition(s): adv.: Two times; once and again.; adv.: Doubly; in twofold quantity or degree; as twice the sum; he is twice as fortunate as his neighbor.
Found on page(s): [24]

distrust - distrust, Definition(s): v. t.: To feel absence of trust in; not to confide in or rely upon; to deem of questionable sufficiency or reality; to doubt; to be suspicious of; to mistrust.; n.: Doubt of sufficiency reality or sincerity; want of confidence faith or reliance; as distrust of one's power authority will purposes schemes etc.; n.: Suspicion of evil designs.; n.: State of being suspected; loss of trust.
Found on page(s): [48, 62]

counteract - counteract, Definition(s): v. t.: To act in opposition to; to hinder defeat or frustrate by contrary agency or influence; as to counteract the effect of medicines; to counteract good advice.
Found on page(s): [37]

animosity - animosity, Definition(s): v. t.: Mere spiritedness or courage.; v. t.: Violent hatred leading to active opposition; active enmity; energetic dislike.
Found on page(s): [63]

absolutely - absolutely, Definition(s): adv.: In an absolute independent or unconditional manner; wholly; positively.
Found on page(s): [30]

sustain - sustain, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep from falling; to bear; to uphold; to support; as a foundation sustains the superstructure; a beast sustains a load; a rope sustains a weight.; v. t.: Hence to keep from sinking as in despondence or the like; to support.; v. t.: To maintain; to keep alive; to support; to subsist; to nourish; as provisions to sustain an army.; v. t.: To aid comfort or relieve; to vindicate.; v. t.: To endure without failing or yielding; to bear up under; as to sustain defeat and disappointment.; v. t.: To suffer; to bear; to undergo.; v. t.: To allow the prosecution of; to admit as valid; to sanction; to continue; not to dismiss or abate; as the court sustained the action or suit.; v. t.: To prove; to establish by evidence; to corroborate or confirm; to be conclusive of; as to sustain a charge an accusation or a proposition.; n.: One who or that which upholds or sustains; a sustainer.
Found on page(s): [65, 98]

portentous. - portentous., Definition(s): a.: Of the nature of a portent; containing portents; foreshadowing esp. foreshadowing ill; ominous.; a.: Hence: Monstrous; prodigious; wonderful; dreadful; as a beast of portentous size.
Found on page(s): [37]

colony - colony, Definition(s): n.: A company of people transplanted from their mother country to a remote province or country and remaining subject to the jurisdiction of the parent state; as the British colonies in America.; n.: The district or country colonized; a settlement.; n.: A company of persons from the same country sojourning in a foreign city or land; as the American colony in Paris.; n.: A number of animals or plants living or growing together beyond their usual range.
Found on page(s): [6]

certain, - certain,, Definition(s): a.: Assured in mind; having no doubts; free from suspicions concerning.; a.: Determined; resolved; -- used with an infinitive.; a.: Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact.; a.: Actually existing; sure to happen; inevitable.; a.: Unfailing; infallible.; a.: Fixed or stated; regular; determinate.; a.: Not specifically named; indeterminate; indefinite; one or some; -- sometimes used independenty as a noun and meaning certain persons.; n.: Certainty.; n.: A certain number or quantity.; adv.: Certainly.
Found on page(s): [73]

thirteen - thirteen, Definition(s): a.: One more than twelve; ten and three; as thirteen ounces or pounds.; n.: The number greater by one than twelve; the sum of ten and three; thirteen units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing thirteen units as 13 or xiii.
Found on page(s): [88]

bold. - bold., Definition(s): n.: Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.; n.: Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.; n.: In a bad sense too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.; n.: Somewhat overstepping usual bounds or conventional rules as in art literature etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as the figures of an author are bold.; n.: Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.; n.: Steep; abrupt; prominent.; v. t.: To make bold or daring.; v. i.: To be or become bold.
Found on page(s): [31]

attachment - attachment, Definition(s): n.: The act attaching or state of being attached; close adherence or affection; fidelity; regard; an/ passion of affection that binds a person; as an attachment to a friend or to a party.; n.: That by which one thing is attached to another; connection; as to cut the attachments of a muscle.; n.: Something attached; some adjunct attached to an instrument machine or other object; as a sewing machine attachment (i. e. a device attached to a sewing machine to enable it to do special work as tucking etc.).; n.: A seizure or taking into custody by virtue of a legal process.; n.: The writ or percept commanding such seizure or taking.
Found on page(s): [19]

uphold - uphold, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold up; to lift on high; to elevate.; v. t.: To keep erect; to support; to sustain; to keep from falling; to maintain.; v. t.: To aid by approval or encouragement; to countenance; as to uphold a person in wrongdoing.
Found on page(s): [31]

bold, - bold,, Definition(s): n.: Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.; n.: Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.; n.: In a bad sense too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.; n.: Somewhat overstepping usual bounds or conventional rules as in art literature etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as the figures of an author are bold.; n.: Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.; n.: Steep; abrupt; prominent.; v. t.: To make bold or daring.; v. i.: To be or become bold.
Found on page(s): [57]

philosopher - philosopher, Definition(s): n.: One who philosophizes; one versed in or devoted to philosophy.; n.: One who reduces the principles of philosophy to practice in the conduct of life; one who lives according to the rules of practical wisdom; one who meets or regards all vicissitudes with calmness.; n.: An alchemist.
Found on page(s): [57]

restore - restore, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring back to its former state; to bring back from a state of ruin decay disease or the like; to repair; to renew; to recover.; v. t.: To give or bring back as that which has been lost. or taken away; to bring back to the owner; to replace.; v. t.: To renew; to reestablish; as to restore harmony among those who are variance.; v. t.: To give in place of or as satisfaction for.; v. t.: To make good; to make amends for.; v. t.: To bring back from a state of injury or decay or from a changed condition; as to restore a painting statue etc.; v. t.: To form a picture or model of as of something lost or mutilated; as to restore a ruined building city or the like.; n.: Restoration.
Found on page(s): [73, 82, 90]

Hence, - Hence,, Definition(s): adv.: From this place; away.; adv.: From this time; in the future; as a week hence.; adv.: From this reason; as an inference or deduction.; adv.: From this source or origin.; v. t.: To send away.
Found on page(s): [11]

famous. - famous., Definition(s): a.: Celebrated in fame or public report; renowned; mach talked of; distinguished in story; -- used in either a good or a bad sense chiefly the former; often followed by for; as famous for erudition for eloquence for military skill; a famous pirate.
Found on page(s): [15]

banner - banner, Definition(s): n.: A kind of flag attached to a spear or pike by a crosspiece and used by a chief as his standard in battle.; n.: A large piece of silk or other cloth with a device or motto extended on a crosspiece and borne in a procession or suspended in some conspicuous place.; n.: Any flag or standard; as the star-spangled banner.
Found on page(s): [76]

encounter - encounter, Definition(s): adv.: To come against face to face; to meet; to confront either by chance suddenly or deliberately; especially to meet in opposition or with hostile intent; to engage in conflict with; to oppose; to struggle with; as to encounter a friend in traveling; two armies encounter each other; to encounter obstacles or difficulties to encounter strong evidence of a truth.; v. i.: To meet face to face; to have a meeting; to meet esp. as enemies; to engage in combat; to fight; as three armies encountered at Waterloo.; v. t.: A meeting face to face; a running against; a sudden or incidental meeting; an interview.; v. t.: A meeting with hostile purpose; hence a combat; a battle; as a bloody encounter.
Found on page(s): [78, 96]

clean - clean, Definition(s): superl.: Free from dirt or filth; as clean clothes.; superl.: Free from that which is useless or injurious; without defects; as clean land; clean timber.; superl.: Free from awkwardness; not bungling; adroit; dexterous; as aclean trick; a clean leap over a fence.; superl.: Free from errors and vulgarisms; as a clean style.; superl.: Free from restraint or neglect; complete; entire.; superl.: Free from moral defilement; sinless; pure.; superl.: Free from ceremonial defilement.; superl.: Free from that which is corrupting to the morals; pure in tone; healthy.; superl.: Well-proportioned; shapely; as clean limbs.; adv.: Without limitation or remainder; quite; perfectly; wholly; entirely.; adv.: Without miscarriage; not bunglingly; dexterously.; a.: To render clean; to free from whatever is foul offensive or extraneous; to purify; to cleanse.
Found on page(s): [86]

praiseworthy - praiseworthy, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of praise or applause; commendable; as praiseworthy action; he was praiseworthy.
Found on page(s): [45, 50]

valued - valued, Definition(s): a.: Highly regarded; esteemed; prized; as a valued contributor; a valued friend.
Found on page(s): [32, 46, 87, 105]

mean - mean, Definition(s): v. t.: To have in the mind as a purpose intention etc.; v. t.: To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention.; superl.: Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.; superl.: Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless; as a mean motive.; superl.: Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.; superl.: Of poor quality; as mean fare.; superl.: Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as mean hospitality.; a.: Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes.; a.: Intermediate in excellence of any kind.; a.: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation; as mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day.; n.: That which is mean or intermediate between two extremes of place time or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure.; n.: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others from which it is derived and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually unless otherwise specified it is the simple average formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities.; n.: That through which or by the help of which an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.; n.: Hence: Resources; property revenue or the like considered as the condition of easy livelihood or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.; n.: A part whether alto or tenor intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part.; n.: Meantime; meanwhile.; n.: A mediator; a go-between.
Found on page(s): [86]

neither - neither, Definition(s): a.: Not either; not the one or the other.; conj.: not either; generally used to introduce the first of two or more coordinate clauses of which those that follow begin with nor.
Found on page(s): [5, 13, 23, 26, 27, 32, 34, 40, 45, 47, 54, 57, 69, 74, 77, 86, 101, 102, 107]

uneasy - uneasy, Definition(s): a.: Not easy; difficult.; a.: Restless; disturbed by pain anxiety or the like; disquieted; perturbed.; a.: Not easy in manner; constrained; stiff; awkward; not graceful; as an uneasy deportment.; a.: Occasioning want of ease; constraining; cramping; disagreeable; unpleasing.
Found on page(s): [45]

disarmed - disarmed, Definition(s): a.: Deprived of arms.; a.: Deprived of claws and teeth or beaks.
Found on page(s): [62, 81]

supreme, - supreme,, Definition(s): a.: Highest in authority; holding the highest place in authority government or power.; a.: Highest; greatest; most excellent or most extreme; utmost; greatist possible (sometimes in a bad sense); as supreme love; supreme glory; supreme magnanimity; supreme folly.; a.: Situated at the highest part or point.
Found on page(s): [14]

conqueror - conqueror, Definition(s): n.: One who conquers.
Found on page(s): [12]

prevail. - prevail., Definition(s): v. i.: To overcome; to gain the victory or superiority; to gain the advantage; to have the upper hand or the mastery; to succeed; -- sometimes with over or against.; v. i.: To be in force; to have effect power or influence; to be predominant; to have currency or prevalence; to obtain; as the practice prevails this day.; v. i.: To persuade or induce; -- with on upon or with; as I prevailedon him to wait.
Found on page(s): [28]

advance - advance, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward; to move towards the van or front; to make to go on.; v. t.: To raise; to elevate.; v. t.: To raise to a higher rank; to promote.; v. t.: To accelerate the growth or progress; to further; to forward; to help on; to aid; to heighten; as to advance the ripening of fruit; to advance one's interests.; v. t.: To bring to view or notice; to offer or propose; to show; as to advance an argument.; v. t.: To make earlier as an event or date; to hasten.; v. t.: To furnish as money or other value before it becomes due or in aid of an enterprise; to supply beforehand; as a merchant advances money on a contract or on goods consigned to him.; v. t.: To raise to a higher point; to enhance; to raise in rate; as to advance the price of goods.; v. t.: To extol; to laud.; v. i.: To move or go forward; to proceed; as he advanced to greet me.; v. i.: To increase or make progress in any respect; as to advance in knowledge in stature in years in price.; v. i.: To rise in rank office or consequence; to be preferred or promoted.; v.: The act of advancing or moving forward or upward; progress.; v.: Improvement or progression physically mentally morally or socially; as an advance in health knowledge or religion; an advance in rank or office.; v.: An addition to the price; rise in price or value; as an advance on the prime cost of goods.; v.: The first step towards the attainment of a result; approach made to gain favor to form an acquaintance to adjust a difference etc.; an overture; a tender; an offer; -- usually in the plural.; v.: A furnishing of something before an equivalent is received (as money or goods) towards a capital or stock or on loan; payment beforehand; the money or goods thus furnished; money or value supplied beforehand.; a.: Before in place or beforehand in time; -- used for advanced; as an advance guard or that before the main guard or body of an army; advance payment or that made before it is due; advance proofs advance sheets pages of a forthcoming volume received in advance of the time of publication.
Found on page(s): [19, 43, 79, 93]

diligence - diligence, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being diligent; carefulness; careful attention; -- the opposite of negligence.; n.: Interested and persevering application; devoted and painstaking effort to accomplish what is undertaken; assiduity in service.; n.: Process by which persons lands or effects are seized for debt; process for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or the production of writings.; n.: A four-wheeled public stagecoach used in France.
Found on page(s): [57]

alliance, - alliance,, Definition(s): n.: The state of being allied; the act of allying or uniting; a union or connection of interests between families states parties etc. especially between families by marriage and states by compact treaty or league; as matrimonial alliances; an alliance between church and state; an alliance between France and England.; n.: Any union resembling that of families or states; union by relationship in qualities; affinity.; n.: The persons or parties allied.; v. t.: To connect by alliance; to ally.
Found on page(s): [67]

blood, - blood,, Definition(s): n.: The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals carrying nourishment to all parts of the body and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial.; n.: Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship.; n.: Descent; lineage; especially honorable birth; the highest royal lineage.; n.: Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed.; n.: The fleshy nature of man.; n.: The shedding of blood; the taking of life murder; manslaughter; destruction.; n.: A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition.; n.: Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions.; n.: A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay showy man; a rake.; n.: The juice of anything especially if red.; v. t.: To bleed.; v. t.: To stain smear or wet with blood.; v. t.: To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood as in hunting or war.; v. t.: To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
Found on page(s): [48]

HEREDITARY - HEREDITARY, Definition(s): a.: Descended or capable of descending from an ancestor to an heir at law; received or passing by inheritance or that must pass by inheritance; as an hereditary estate or crown.; a.: Transmitted or capable of being transmitted as a constitutional quality or condition from a parent to a child; as hereditary pride bravery disease.
Found on page(s): [3]

appreciate - appreciate, Definition(s): v. t.: To set a price or value on; to estimate justly; to value.; v. t.: To raise the value of; to increase the market price of; -- opposed to depreciate.; v. t.: To be sensible of; to distinguish.; v. i.: To rise in value. [See note under Rise v. i.
Found on page(s): [20]

understand, - understand,, Definition(s): v. t.: To have just and adequate ideas of; to apprehended the meaning or intention of; to have knowledge of; to comprehend; to know; as to understand a problem in Euclid; to understand a proposition or a declaration; the court understands the advocate or his argument; to understand the sacred oracles; to understand a nod or a wink.; v. t.: To be apprised or have information of; to learn; to be informed of; to hear; as I understand that Congress has passed the bill.; v. t.: To recognize or hold as being or signifying; to suppose to mean; to interpret; to explain.; v. t.: To mean without expressing; to imply tacitly; to take for granted; to assume.; v. t.: To stand under; to support.; v. i.: To have the use of the intellectual faculties; to be an intelligent being.; v. i.: To be informed; to have or receive knowledge.
Found on page(s): [62]

rally - rally, Definition(s): v. t.: To collect and reduce to order as troops dispersed or thrown into confusion; to gather again; to reunite.; v. i.: To come into orderly arrangement; to renew order or united effort as troops scattered or put to flight; to assemble; to unite.; v. i.: To collect one's vital powers or forces; to regain health or consciousness; to recuperate.; v. i.: To recover strength after a decline in prices; -- said of the market stocks etc.; n.: The act or process of rallying (in any of the senses of that word).; n.: A political mass meeting.; v. t.: To attack with raillery either in good humor and pleasantry or with slight contempt or satire.; v. i.: To use pleasantry or satirical merriment.; n.: Good-humored raillery.
Found on page(s): [6, 13]

safely - safely, Definition(s): adv.: In a safe manner; danger injury loss or evil consequences.
Found on page(s): [36]

soft - soft, Definition(s): superl.: Easily yielding to pressure; easily impressed molded or cut; not firm in resisting; impressible; yielding; also malleable; -- opposed to hard; as a soft bed; a soft peach; soft earth; soft wood or metal.; superl.: Not rough rugged or harsh to the touch; smooth; delicate; fine; as soft silk; a soft skin.; superl.: Hence agreeable to feel taste or inhale; not irritating to the tissues; as a soft liniment; soft wines.; superl.: Not harsh or offensive to the sight; not glaring; pleasing to the eye; not exciting by intensity of color or violent contrast; as soft hues or tints.; superl.: Not harsh or rough in sound; gentle and pleasing to the ear; flowing; as soft whispers of music.; superl.: Easily yielding; susceptible to influence; flexible; gentle; kind.; superl.: Expressing gentleness tenderness or the like; mild; conciliatory; courteous; kind; as soft eyes.; superl.: Effeminate; not courageous or manly weak.; superl.: Gentle in action or motion; easy.; superl.: Weak in character; impressible.; superl.: Somewhat weak in intellect.; superl.: Quiet; undisturbed; paceful; as soft slumbers.; superl.: Having or consisting of a gentle curve or curves; not angular or abrupt; as soft outlines.; superl.: Not tinged with mineral salts; adapted to decompose soap; as soft water is the best for washing.; superl.: Applied to a palatal a sibilant or a dental consonant (as g in gem c in cent etc.) as distinguished from a guttural mute (as g in go c in cone etc.); -- opposed to hard.; superl.: Belonging to the class of sonant elements as distinguished from the surd and considered as involving less force in utterance; as b d g z v etc. in contrast with p t k s f etc.; n.: A soft or foolish person; an idiot.; adv.: Softly; without roughness or harshness; gently; quietly.; interj.: Be quiet; hold; stop; not so fast.
Found on page(s): [15, 62]

prime - prime, Definition(s): #: Donne (#) (pl.; a.: First in order of time; original; primeval; primitive; primary.; a.: First in rank degree dignity authority or importance; as prime minister.; a.: First in excellence; of highest quality; as prime wheat; a prime quality of cloth.; a.: Early; blooming; being in the first stage.; a.: Lecherous; lustful; lewd.; a.: Marked or distinguished by a mark (') called a prime mark.; n.: The first part; the earliest stage; the beginning or opening as of the day the year etc.; hence the dawn; the spring.; n.: The spring of life; youth; hence full health strength or beauty; perfection.; n.: That which is first in quantity; the most excellent portion; the best part.; a.: The morning; specifically (R. C. Ch.) the first canonical hour succeeding to lauds.; a.: The first of the chief guards.; a.: Any number expressing the combining weight or equivalent of any particular element; -- so called because these numbers were respectively reduced to their lowest relative terms on the fixed standard of hydrogen as 1.; a.: A prime number. See under Prime a.; a.: An inch as composed of twelve seconds in the duodecimal system; -- denoted by [']. See 2d Inch n. 1.; a.: To apply priming to as a musket or a cannon; to apply a primer to as a metallic cartridge.; a.: To lay the first color coating or preparation upon (a surface) as in painting; as to prime a canvas a wall.; a.: To prepare; to make ready; to instruct beforehand; to post; to coach; as to prime a witness; the boys are primed for mischief.; a.: To trim or prune as trees.; a.: To mark with a prime mark.; v. i.: To be renewed or as at first.; v. i.: To serve as priming for the charge of a gun.; v. i.: To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition which causes water to become mixed with and be carried along with the steam that is formed; -- said of a steam boiler.
Found on page(s): [9, 69]

happen - happen, Definition(s): v. i.: To come by chance; to come without previous expectation; to fall out.; v. i.: To take place; to occur.
Found on page(s): [6, 26, 67]

opinion, - opinion,, Definition(s): n.: That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action.; n.: The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.; n.: Favorable estimation; hence consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.; n.: Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.; n.: The formal decision or expression of views of a judge an umpire a counselor or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.; v. t.: To opine.
Found on page(s): [56]

intellect - intellect, Definition(s): n.: The part or faculty of the human soul by which it knows as distinguished from the power to feel and to will; sometimes the capacity for higher forms of knowledge as distinguished from the power to perceive objects in their relations; the power to judge and comprehend; the thinking faculty; the understanding.
Found on page(s): [44, 50]

opinion. - opinion., Definition(s): n.: That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action.; n.: The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.; n.: Favorable estimation; hence consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.; n.: Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.; n.: The formal decision or expression of views of a judge an umpire a counselor or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.; v. t.: To opine.
Found on page(s): [73]

loyal - loyal, Definition(s): a.: Faithful to law; upholding the lawful authority; faithful and true to the lawful government; faithful to the prince or sovereign to whom one is subject; unswerving in allegiance.; a.: True to any person or persons to whom one owes fidelity especially as a wife to her husband lovers to each other and friend to friend; constant; faithful to a cause or a principle.
Found on page(s): [19]

EFFECT - EFFECT, Definition(s): n.: Execution; performance; realization; operation; as the law goes into effect in May.; n.: Manifestation; expression; sign.; n.: In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as the effect of luxury.; n.: Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.; n.: Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as to speak with effect.; n.: Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.; n.: The purport; the sum and substance.; n.: Reality; actual meaning; fact as distinguished from mere appearance.; n.: Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as the people escaped from the town with their effects.; v. t.: To produce as a cause or agent; to cause to be.; v. t.: To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Found on page(s): [73]

delighted - delighted, Definition(s): a.: Endowed with delight.
Found on page(s): [88]

opportunity - opportunity, Definition(s): n.: Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance.; n.: Convenience of situation; fitness.; n.: Importunity; earnestness.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 15, 16, 19, 47, 49, 63, 76, 77, 80, 82, 91, 93, 94, 99]

stopping, - stopping,, Definition(s): n.: Material for filling a cavity.; n.: A partition or door to direct or prevent a current of air.; n.: A pad or poultice of dung or other material applied to a horse's hoof to keep it moist.
Found on page(s): [84]

misuse - misuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To treat or use improperly; to use to a bad purpose; to misapply; as to misuse one's talents.; v. t.: To abuse; to treat ill.; n.: Wrong use; misapplication; erroneous or improper use.; n.: Violence or its effects.
Found on page(s): [47]

discern - discern, Definition(s): v. t.: To see and identify by noting a difference or differences; to note the distinctive character of; to discriminate; to distinguish.; v. t.: To see by the eye or by the understanding; to perceive and recognize; as to discern a difference.; v. i.: To see or understand the difference; to make distinction; as to discern between good and evil truth and falsehood.; v. i.: To make cognizance.
Found on page(s): [41]

entreat - entreat, Definition(s): v. t.: To treat or conduct toward; to deal with; to use.; v. t.: To treat with or in respect to a thing desired; hence to ask earnestly; to beseech; to petition or pray with urgency; to supplicate; to importune.; v. t.: To beseech or supplicate successfully; to prevail upon by prayer or solicitation; to persuade.; v. t.: To invite; to entertain.; v. i.: To treat or discourse; hence to enter into negotiations as for a treaty.; v. i.: To make an earnest petition or request.; n.: Entreaty.
Found on page(s): [67]

over-confident. - over-confident., Definition(s): a.: Confident to excess.
Found on page(s): [90]

sprang, - sprang,, Definition(s): : imp. of Spring.
Found on page(s): [38]

prevail; - prevail;, Definition(s): v. i.: To overcome; to gain the victory or superiority; to gain the advantage; to have the upper hand or the mastery; to succeed; -- sometimes with over or against.; v. i.: To be in force; to have effect power or influence; to be predominant; to have currency or prevalence; to obtain; as the practice prevails this day.; v. i.: To persuade or induce; -- with on upon or with; as I prevailedon him to wait.
Found on page(s): [33]

i.e. - i.e., Definition(s): : Abbreviation of Latin id est that is.
Found on page(s): [51, 52]

subjection, - subjection,, Definition(s): a.: The act of subjecting or of bringing under the dominion of another; the act of subduing.; a.: The state of being subject or under the power control and government of another; a state of obedience or submissiveness; as the safety of life liberty and property depends on our subjection to the laws.
Found on page(s): [103]

comes - comes, Definition(s): n.: The answer to the theme (dux) in a fugue.
Found on page(s): [26, 27, 30, 32, 34, 46, 53, 63, 77, 83]

unwilling - unwilling, Definition(s): a.: Not willing; loath; disinclined; reluctant; as an unwilling servant.
Found on page(s): [40]

trusting - trusting, Definition(s): a.: Having or exercising trust; confiding; unsuspecting; trustful.
Found on page(s): [20, 65, 82]

soil - soil, Definition(s): v. t.: To feed as cattle or horses in the barn or an inclosure with fresh grass or green food cut for them instead of sending them out to pasture; hence (such food having the effect of purging them) to purge by feeding on green food; as to soil a horse.; n.: The upper stratum of the earth; the mold or that compound substance which furnishes nutriment to plants or which is particularly adapted to support and nourish them.; n.: Land; country.; n.: Dung; faeces; compost; manure; as night soil.; v. t.: To enrich with soil or muck; to manure.; n.: A marshy or miry place to which a hunted boar resorts for refuge; hence a wet place stream or tract of water sought for by other game as deer.; n.: To make dirty or unclean on the surface; to foul; to dirty; to defile; as to soil a garment with dust.; n.: To stain or mar as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully.; v. i.: To become soiled; as light colors soil sooner than dark ones.; n.: That which soils or pollutes; a soiled place; spot; stain.
Found on page(s): [73]

Owing - Owing, Definition(s): P. p. & a.: Had or held under obligation of paying; due.; P. p. & a.: Had or experienced as a consequence result issue etc.; ascribable; -- with to; as misfortunes are often owing to vices; his failure was owing to speculations.
Found on page(s): [78, 90]

characteristic - characteristic, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to or serving to constitute the character; showing the character or distinctive qualities or traits of a person or thing; peculiar; distinctive.; n.: A distinguishing trait quality or property; an element of character; that which characterized.; n.: The integral part (whether positive or negative) of a logarithm.
Found on page(s): [50]

seat; - seat;, Definition(s): n.: The place or thing upon which one sits; hence; anything made to be sat in or upon as a chair bench stool saddle or the like.; n.: The place occupied by anything or where any person or thing is situated resides or abides; a site; an abode a station; a post; a situation.; n.: That part of a thing on which a person sits; as the seat of a chair or saddle; the seat of a pair of pantaloons.; n.: A sitting; a right to sit; regular or appropriate place of sitting; as a seat in a church; a seat for the season in the opera house.; n.: Posture or way of sitting on horseback.; n.: A part or surface on which another part or surface rests; as a valve seat.; v. t.: To place on a seat; to cause to sit down; as to seat one's self.; v. t.: To cause to occupy a post site situation or the like; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.; v. t.: To assign a seat to or the seats of; to give a sitting to; as to seat a church or persons in a church.; v. t.: To fix; to set firm.; v. t.: To settle; to plant with inhabitants; as to seat a country.; v. t.: To put a seat or bottom in; as to seat a chair.; v. i.: To rest; to lie down.
Found on page(s): [60]

spark - spark, Definition(s): n.: A small particle of fire or ignited substance which is emitted by a body in combustion.; n.: A small shining body or transient light; a sparkle.; n.: That which like a spark may be kindled into a flame or into action; a feeble germ; an elementary principle.; n.: A brisk showy gay man.; n.: A lover; a gallant; a beau.; v. i.: To sparkle.; v. i.: To play the spark beau or lover.
Found on page(s): [76]

short-sighted - short-sighted, Definition(s): a.: Not able to see far; nearsighted; myopic. See Myopic and Myopia.; a.: Fig.: Not able to look far into futurity; unable to understand things deep; of limited intellect.; a.: Having little regard for the future; heedless.
Found on page(s): [49]

hearing - hearing, Definition(s): n.: The act or power of perceiving sound; perception of sound; the faculty or sense by which sound is perceived; as my hearing is good.; n.: Attention to what is delivered; opportunity to be heard; audience; as I could not obtain a hearing.; n.: A listening to facts and evidence for the sake of adjudication; a session of a court for considering proofs and determining issues.; n.: Extent within which sound may be heard; sound; earshot.
Found on page(s): [86]

one's - one's, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [26, 41, 42]

despairing - despairing, Definition(s): a.: Feeling or expressing despair; hopeless.
Found on page(s): [98]

pliant, - pliant,, Definition(s): v.: Capable of plying or bending; readily yielding to force or pressure without breaking; flexible; pliable; lithe; limber; plastic; as a pliant thread; pliant wax. Also used figuratively: Easily influenced for good or evil; tractable; as a pliant heart.; v.: Favorable to pliancy.
Found on page(s): [71]

showed, - showed,, Definition(s): : of Show.
Found on page(s): [89]

overcoming - overcoming, Definition(s): a.: Conquering; subduing.
Found on page(s): [24, 29, 63]

principality, - principality,, Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [4, 22, 23, 25, 27, 55, 57, 61, 72]

assemble - assemble, Definition(s): v. t.: To collect into one place or body; to bring or call together; to convene; to congregate.; v. i.: To meet or come together as a number of individuals; to convene; to congregate.; v. i.: To liken; to compare.
Found on page(s): [83, 87]

principality. - principality., Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 81]

armed, - armed,, Definition(s): a.: Furnished with weapons of offense or defense; furnished with the means of security or protection.; a.: Furnished with whatever serves to add strength force or efficiency.; a.: Having horns beak talons etc; -- said of beasts and birds of prey.
Found on page(s): [34, 62]

resisting, - resisting,, Definition(s): a.: Making resistance; opposing; as a resisting medium.
Found on page(s): [36]

commotion. - commotion., Definition(s): n.: Disturbed or violent motion; agitation.; n.: A popular tumult; public disturbance; riot.; n.: Agitation perturbation or disorder of mind; heat; excitement.
Found on page(s): [24]

firm: - firm:, Definition(s): superl.: Fixed; hence closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as firm flesh; firm muscles firm wood.; superl.: Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong; as a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent.; superl.: Solid; -- opposed to fluid; as firm land.; superl.: Indicating firmness; as a firm tread; a firm countenance.; a.: The name title or style under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house; as the firm of Hope & Co.; a.: To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish.; a.: To fix or direct with firmness.
Found on page(s): [33]

answer - answer, Definition(s): n.: To speak in defense against; to reply to in defense; as to answer a charge; to answer an accusation.; n.: To speak or write in return to as in return to a call or question or to a speech declaration argument or the like; to reply to (a question remark etc.); to respond to.; n.: To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation argument or justification and the like; to refute.; n.: To be or act in return or response to.; n.: To be or act in compliance with in fulfillment or satisfaction of as an order obligation demand; as he answered my claim upon him; the servant answered the bell.; n.: To render account to or for.; n.: To atone; to be punished for.; n.: To be opposite to; to face.; n.: To be or act an equivalent to or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.; n.: To be or act in accommodation conformity relation or proportion to; to correspond to; to suit.; v. i.: To speak or write by way of return (originally to a charge) or in reply; to make response.; v. i.: To make a satisfactory response or return.; v. i.: To render account or to be responsible; to be accountable; to make amends; as the man must answer to his employer for the money intrusted to his care.; v. i.: To be or act in return.; v. i.: To be or act by way of compliance fulfillment reciprocation or satisfaction; to serve the purpose; as gypsum answers as a manure on some soils.; v. i.: To be opposite or to act in opposition.; v. i.: To be or act as an equivalent or as adequate or sufficient; as a very few will answer.; v. i.: To be or act in conformity or by way of accommodation correspondence relation or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; -- usually with to.; n.: A reply to a change; a defense.; n.: Something said or written in reply to a question a call an argument an address or the like; a reply.; n.: Something done in return for or in consequence of something else; a responsive action.; n.: A solution the result of a mathematical operation; as the answer to a problem.; n.: A counter-statement of facts in a course of pleadings; a confutation of what the other party has alleged; a responsive declaration by a witness in reply to a question. In Equity it is the usual form of defense to the complainant's charges in his bill.
Found on page(s): [9, 11, 31, 56]

timidity - timidity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being timid; timorousness; timidness.
Found on page(s): [26]

principality: - principality:, Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [27]

principality; - principality;, Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [61, 63, 94]

firm. - firm., Definition(s): superl.: Fixed; hence closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as firm flesh; firm muscles firm wood.; superl.: Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong; as a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent.; superl.: Solid; -- opposed to fluid; as firm land.; superl.: Indicating firmness; as a firm tread; a firm countenance.; a.: The name title or style under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house; as the firm of Hope & Co.; a.: To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish.; a.: To fix or direct with firmness.
Found on page(s): [61]

compete - compete, Definition(s): v. i.: To contend emulously; to seek or strive for the same thing position or reward for which another is striving; to contend in rivalry as for a prize or in business; as tradesmen compete with one another.
Found on page(s): [60]

neutral; - neutral;, Definition(s): a.: Not engaged on either side; not taking part with or assisting either of two or more contending parties; neuter; indifferent.; a.: Neither good nor bad; of medium quality; middling; not decided or pronounced.; a.: Neuter. See Neuter a. 3.; a.: Having neither acid nor basic properties; unable to turn red litmus blue or blue litmus red; -- said of certain salts or other compounds. Contrasted with acid and alkaline.; n.: A person or a nation that takes no part in a contest between others; one who is neutral.
Found on page(s): [66]

dealing, - dealing,, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who deals; distribution of anything as of cards to the players; method of business; traffic; intercourse; transaction; as to have dealings with a person.
Found on page(s): [27]

putting - putting, Definition(s): n.: The throwing of a heavy stone shot etc. with the hand raised or extended from the shoulder; -- originally a Scottish game.
Found on page(s): [44, 61, 90]

sometimes - sometimes, Definition(s): adv.: Formerly; sometime.; adv.: At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally.; a.: Former; sometime.
Found on page(s): [2, 32, 103]

listener - listener, Definition(s): n.: One who listens; a hearkener.
Found on page(s): [71]

inclined - inclined, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having a leaning or tendency towards or away from a thing; disposed or moved by wish desire or judgment; as a man inclined to virtue.; p. p. & a.: Making an angle with some line or plane; -- said of a line or plane.; p. p. & a.: Bent out of a perpendicular position or into a curve with the convex side uppermost.
Found on page(s): [19, 45, 57, 73, 75, 103, 104]

promise - promise, Definition(s): a.: In general a declaration written or verbal made by one person to another which binds the person who makes it to do or to forbear to do a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act.; a.: An engagement by one person to another either in words or in writing but properly not under seal for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person without regard to the consideration for it or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made.; a.: That which causes hope expectation or assurance; especially that which affords expectation of future distinction; as a youth of great promise.; a.: Bestowal fulfillment or grant of what is promised.; v. t.: To engage to do give make or to refrain from doing giving or making or the like; to covenant; to engage; as to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money.; v. t.: To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as the clouds promise rain.; v. t.: To make declaration of or give assurance of as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward.; v. i.: To give assurance by a promise or binding declaration.; v. i.: To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely to give reason to expect evil.
Found on page(s): [97]

robbery - robbery, Definition(s): n.: The act or practice of robbing; theft.; n.: The crime of robbing. See Rob v. t. 2.
Found on page(s): [49]

hold - hold, Definition(s): n.: The whole interior portion of a vessel below the lower deck in which the cargo is stowed.; v. t.: To cause to remain in a given situation position or relation within certain limits or the like; to prevent from falling or escaping; to sustain; to restrain; to keep in the grasp; to retain.; v. t.: To retain in one's keeping; to maintain possession of or authority over; not to give up or relinquish; to keep; to defend.; v. t.: To have; to possess; to be in possession of; to occupy; to derive title to; as to hold office.; v. t.: To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.; v. t.: To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.; v. t.: To prosecute have take or join in as something which is the result of united action; as to hold a meeting a festival a session etc.; hence to direct and bring about officially; to conduct or preside at; as the general held a council of war; a judge holds a court; a clergyman holds a service.; v. t.: To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as this pail holds milk; hence to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.; v. t.: To accept as an opinion; to be the adherent of openly or privately; to persist in as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.; v. t.: To consider; to regard; to esteem; to account; to think; to judge.; v. t.: To bear carry or manage; as he holds himself erect; he holds his head high.; n. i.: In general to keep one's self in a given position or condition; to remain fixed.; n. i.: Not to more; to halt; to stop;-mostly in the imperative.; n. i.: Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.; n. i.: Not to fail or be found wanting; to continue; to last; to endure a test or trial; to abide; to persist.; n. i.: Not to fall away desert or prove recreant; to remain attached; to cleave;-often with with to or for.; n. i.: To restrain one's self; to refrain.; n. i.: To derive right or title; -- generally with of.; n.: The act of holding as in or with the hands or arms; the manner of holding whether firm or loose; seizure; grasp; clasp; gripe; possession; -- often used with the verbs take and lay.; n.: The authority or ground to take or keep; claim.; n.: Binding power and influence.; n.: Something that may be grasped; means of support.; n.: A place of confinement; a prison; confinement; custody; guard.; n.: A place of security; a fortified place; a fort; a castle; -- often called a stronghold.; n.: A character [thus /] placed over or under a note or rest and indicating that it is to be prolonged; -- called also pause and corona.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 5, 6, 10, 11, 12, 13, 17, 19, 26, 30, 34, 35, 44, 46, 49, 56, 59, 60, 62, 64, 68, 70, 73, 88, 95, 96, 97]

neutral. - neutral., Definition(s): a.: Not engaged on either side; not taking part with or assisting either of two or more contending parties; neuter; indifferent.; a.: Neither good nor bad; of medium quality; middling; not decided or pronounced.; a.: Neuter. See Neuter a. 3.; a.: Having neither acid nor basic properties; unable to turn red litmus blue or blue litmus red; -- said of certain salts or other compounds. Contrasted with acid and alkaline.; n.: A person or a nation that takes no part in a contest between others; one who is neutral.
Found on page(s): [67]

presentiment - presentiment, Definition(s): n.: Previous sentiment conception or opinion; previous apprehension; especially an antecedent impression or conviction of something unpleasant distressing or calamitous about to happen; anticipation of evil; foreboding.
Found on page(s): [85]

modesty - modesty, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being modest; that lowly temper which accompanies a moderate estimate of one's own worth and importance; absence of self-assertion arrogance and presumption; humility respecting one's own merit.; n.: Natural delicacy or shame regarding personal charms and the sexual relation; purity of thought and manners; due regard for propriety in speech or action.
Found on page(s): [88]

prior - prior, Definition(s): a.: Preceding in the order of time; former; antecedent; anterior; previous; as a prior discovery; prior obligation; -- used elliptically in cases like the following: he lived alone [in the time] prior to his marriage.; a.: The superior of a priory and next below an abbot in dignity.
Found on page(s): [31]

Nevertheless - Nevertheless, Definition(s): adv. / conj.: Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Found on page(s): [4, 47, 48, 49, 50]

fortune. - fortune., Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [2, 18, 49]

baron - baron, Definition(s): n.: A title or degree of nobility; originally the possessor of a fief who had feudal tenants under him; in modern times in France and Germany a nobleman next in rank below a count; in England a nobleman of the lowest grade in the House of Lords being next below a viscount.; n.: A husband; as baron and feme husband and wife.
Found on page(s): [12, 32]

Pier - Pier, Definition(s): n.: Any detached mass of masonry whether insulated or supporting one side of an arch or lintel as of a bridge; the piece of wall between two openings.; n.: Any additional or auxiliary mass of masonry used to stiffen a wall. See Buttress.; n.: A projecting wharf or landing place.
Found on page(s): [91]

fortune, - fortune,, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [14, 18, 24, 28, 31, 42, 63, 74, 77, 78, 84, 102, 107]

count - count, Definition(s): v. t.: To tell or name one by one or by groups for the purpose of ascertaining the whole number of units in a collection; to number; to enumerate; to compute; to reckon.; v. t.: To place to an account; to ascribe or impute; to consider or esteem as belonging.; v. t.: To esteem; to account; to reckon; to think judge or consider.; v. i.: To number or be counted; to possess value or carry weight; hence to increase or add to the strength or influence of some party or interest; as every vote counts; accidents count for nothing.; v. i.: To reckon; to rely; to depend; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.; v. t.: The act of numbering; reckoning; also the number ascertained by counting.; v. t.: An object of interest or account; value; estimation.; v. t.: A formal statement of the plaintiff's case in court; in a more technical and correct sense a particular allegation or charge in a declaration or indictment separately setting forth the cause of action or prosecution.; n.: A nobleman on the continent of Europe equal in rank to an English earl.
Found on page(s): [36, 40]

advantage; - advantage;, Definition(s): n.: Any condition circumstance opportunity or means particularly favorable to success or to any desired end; benefit; as the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.; n.: Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.; n.: Superiority of state or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as the advantage of a good constitution.; n.: Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).; v. t.: To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [49, 55]

numbers. - numbers., Definition(s): n.: pl. of Number. The fourth book of the Pentateuch containing the census of the Hebrews.
Found on page(s): [96]

consolidated, - consolidated,, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Made solid hard or compact; united; joined; solidified.; p. p. & a.: Having a small surface in proportion to bulk as in the cactus.
Found on page(s): [21]

advantage? - advantage?, Definition(s): n.: Any condition circumstance opportunity or means particularly favorable to success or to any desired end; benefit; as the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.; n.: Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.; n.: Superiority of state or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as the advantage of a good constitution.; n.: Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).; v. t.: To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [43]

whatever, - whatever,, Definition(s): pron.: Anything soever which; the thing or things of any kind; being this or that; of one nature or another; one thing or another; anything that may be; all that; the whole that; all particulars that; -- used both substantively and adjectively.
Found on page(s): [1]

immediate - immediate, Definition(s): a.: Not separated in respect to place by anything intervening; proximate; close; as immediate contact.; a.: Not deferred by an interval of time; present; instant.; a.: Acting with nothing interposed or between or without the intervention of another object as a cause means or agency; acting perceived or produced directly; as an immediate cause.
Found on page(s): [18, 20]

fortune; - fortune;, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [107]

blame - blame, Definition(s): v. t.: To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach.; v. t.: To bring reproach upon; to blemish.; v.: An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure.; v.: That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin.; v.: Hurt; injury.
Found on page(s): [8, 22, 45, 65, 85]

advantage. - advantage., Definition(s): n.: Any condition circumstance opportunity or means particularly favorable to success or to any desired end; benefit; as the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.; n.: Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.; n.: Superiority of state or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as the advantage of a good constitution.; n.: Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).; v. t.: To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [43]

advantage, - advantage,, Definition(s): n.: Any condition circumstance opportunity or means particularly favorable to success or to any desired end; benefit; as the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.; n.: Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.; n.: Superiority of state or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as the advantage of a good constitution.; n.: Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).; v. t.: To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [97, 101]

boasting - boasting, Definition(s): n.: The act of glorying or vaunting; vainglorious speaking; ostentatious display.
Found on page(s): [105]

Firstly, - Firstly,, Definition(s): adv.: In the first place; before anything else; -- sometimes improperly used for first.
Found on page(s): [18, 21, 43]

reckon - reckon, Definition(s): v. t.: To count; to enumerate; to number; also to compute; to calculate.; v. t.: To count as in a number rank or series; to estimate by rank or quality; to place by estimation; to account; to esteem; to repute.; v. t.: To charge attribute or adjudge to one as having a certain quality or value.; v. t.: To conclude as by an enumeration and balancing of chances; hence to think; to suppose; -- followed by an objective clause; as I reckon he won't try that again.; v. i.: To make an enumeration or computation; to engage in numbering or computing.; v. i.: To come to an accounting; to make up accounts; to settle; to examine and strike the balance of debt and credit; to adjust relations of desert or penalty.
Found on page(s): [56]

Turk - Turk, Definition(s): n.: A member of any of numerous Tartar tribes of Central Asia etc.; esp. one of the dominant race in Turkey.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Turkey.; n.: A Mohammedan; esp. one living in Turkey.; n.: The plum weevil. See Curculio and Plum weevil under Plum.
Found on page(s): [5, 11, 60]

carrying - carrying, Definition(s): n.: The act or business of transporting from one place to another.
Found on page(s): [71]

beginning - beginning, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action state or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act effort or state of a succession of acts or states.; n.: That which begins or originates something; the first cause; origin; source.; n.: That which is begun; a rudiment or element.; n.: Enterprise.
Found on page(s): [7, 20, 34, 36, 39, 58, 62, 63, 65, 85]

waiting - waiting, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Wait v.
Found on page(s): [84]

thus, - thus,, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [5, 16, 28, 46, 58]

safe; - safe;, Definition(s): superl.: Free from harm injury or risk; untouched or unthreatened by danger or injury; unharmed; unhurt; secure; whole; as safe from disease; safe from storms; safe from foes.; superl.: Conferring safety; securing from harm; not exposing to danger; confining securely; to be relied upon; not dangerous; as a safe harbor; a safe bridge etc.; superl.: Incapable of doing harm; no longer dangerous; in secure care or custody; as the prisoner is safe.; n.: A place for keeping things in safety.; n.: A strong and fireproof receptacle (as a movable chest of steel etc. or a closet or vault of brickwork) for containing money valuable papers or the like.; n.: A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects.; v. t.: To render safe; to make right.
Found on page(s): [34]

Leo, - Leo,, Definition(s): n.: The Lion the fifth sign of the zodiac marked thus [/] in almanacs.; n.: A northern constellation east of Cancer containing the bright star Regulus at the end of the handle of the Sickle.
Found on page(s): [80]

extrinsic - extrinsic, Definition(s): a.: Not contained in or belonging to a body; external; outward; unessential; -- opposed to intrinsic.; a.: Attached partly to an organ or limb and partly to some other part/ -- said of certain groups of muscles. Opposed to intrinsic.
Found on page(s): [1]

Henry - Henry, Definition(s): n.: The unit of electric induction; the induction in a circuit when the electro-motive force induced in this circuit is one volt while the inducing current varies at the rate of one ampere a second.
Found on page(s): [35]

bloody - bloody, Definition(s): a.: Containing or resembling blood; of the nature of blood; as bloody excretions; bloody sweat.; a.: Smeared or stained with blood; as bloody hands; a bloody handkerchief.; a.: Given or tending to the shedding of blood; having a cruel savage disposition; murderous; cruel.; a.: Attended with or involving bloodshed; sanguinary; esp. marked by great slaughter or cruelty; as a bloody battle.; a.: Infamous; contemptible; -- variously used for mere emphasis or as a low epithet.; v. t.: To stain with blood.
Found on page(s): [20]

sole - sole, Definition(s): n.: Any one of several species of flatfishes of the genus Solea and allied genera of the family Soleidae especially the common European species (Solea vulgaris) which is a valuable food fish.; n.: Any one of several American flounders somewhat resembling the true sole in form or quality as the California sole (Lepidopsetta bilineata) the long-finned sole (Glyptocephalus zachirus) and other species.; n.: The bottom of the foot; hence also rarely the foot itself.; n.: The bottom of a shoe or boot or the piece of leather which constitutes the bottom.; n.: The bottom or lower part of anything or that on which anything rests in standing.; n.: The bottom of the body of a plow; -- called also slade; also the bottom of a furrow.; n.: The horny substance under a horse's foot which protects the more tender parts.; n.: The bottom of an embrasure.; n.: A piece of timber attached to the lower part of the rudder to make it even with the false keel.; n.: The seat or bottom of a mine; -- applied to horizontal veins or lodes.; v. t.: To furnish with a sole; as to sole a shoe.; a.: Being or acting without another; single; individual; only.; a.: Single; unmarried; as a feme sole.
Found on page(s): [42]

owner - owner, Definition(s): n.: One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title whether he is the possessor or not.
Found on page(s): [107]

blood; - blood;, Definition(s): n.: The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals carrying nourishment to all parts of the body and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial.; n.: Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship.; n.: Descent; lineage; especially honorable birth; the highest royal lineage.; n.: Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed.; n.: The fleshy nature of man.; n.: The shedding of blood; the taking of life murder; manslaughter; destruction.; n.: A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition.; n.: Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions.; n.: A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay showy man; a rake.; n.: The juice of anything especially if red.; v. t.: To bleed.; v. t.: To stain smear or wet with blood.; v. t.: To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood as in hunting or war.; v. t.: To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
Found on page(s): [72, 102]

midnight - midnight, Definition(s): n.: The middle of the night; twelve o'clock at night.; a.: Being in or characteristic of the middle of the night; as midnight studies; midnight gloom.
Found on page(s): [95, 97]

summit. - summit., Definition(s): n.: The top; the highest point.; n.: The highest degree; the utmost elevation; the acme; as the summit of human fame.; n.: The most elevated part of a bivalve shell or the part in which the hinge is situated.
Found on page(s): [17]

atop; - atop;, Definition(s): adv.: On or at the top.
Found on page(s): [17]

son, - son,, Definition(s): n.: A male child; the male issue or offspring of a parent father or mother.; n.: A male descendant however distant; hence in the plural descendants in general.; n.: Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil ward or any other male dependent.; n.: A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as sons of Albion; sons of New England.; n.: The produce of anything.; n.: Jesus Christ the Savior; -- called the Son of God and the Son of man.
Found on page(s): [18, 41, 91]

pious - pious, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to piety; exhibiting piety; reverential; dutiful; religious; devout; godly.; a.: Practiced under the pretext of religion; prompted by mistaken piety; as pious errors; pious frauds.
Found on page(s): [66]

although - although, Definition(s): conj.: Grant all this; be it that; supposing that; notwithstanding; though.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 5, 8, 15, 22, 23, 24, 25, 32, 33, 34, 35, 39, 55, 58, 61, 62, 63, 64, 67, 69, 77, 78, 81, 88, 96, 97, 98, 102, 103]

Fra - Fra, Definition(s): adv. & prep.: Fro.; n.: Brother; -- a title of a monk of friar; as Fra Angelo.
Found on page(s): [16, 70, 106]

encouragement - encouragement, Definition(s): n.: The act of encouraging; incitement to action or to practice; as the encouragement of youth in generosity.; n.: That which serves to incite support promote or advance as favor countenance reward etc.; incentive; increase of confidence; as the fine arts find little encouragement among a rude people.
Found on page(s): [80, 90]

marching - marching, Definition(s): : a. & n. fr. March v.
Found on page(s): [97]

thus: - thus:, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [64]

pontificate, - pontificate,, Definition(s): n.: The state or dignity of a high priest; specifically the office of the pope.; n.: The term of office of a pontiff.; v. i.: To perform the duty of a pontiff.
Found on page(s): [61]

envy - envy, Definition(s): n.: Malice; ill will; spite.; n.: Chagrin mortification discontent or uneasiness at the sight of another's excellence or good fortune accompanied with some degree of hatred and a desire to possess equal advantages; malicious grudging; -- usually followed by of; as they did this in envy of Caesar.; n.: Emulation; rivalry.; n.: Public odium; ill repute.; n.: An object of envious notice or feeling.; v. t.: To feel envy at or towards; to be envious of; to have a feeling of uneasiness or mortification in regard to (any one) arising from the sight of another's excellence or good fortune and a longing to possess it.; v. t.: To feel envy on account of; to have a feeling of grief or repining with a longing to possess (some excellence or good fortune of another or an equal good fortune etc.); to look with grudging upon; to begrudge.; v. t.: To long after; to desire strongly; to covet.; v. t.: To do harm to; to injure; to disparage.; v. t.: To hate.; v. t.: To emulate.; v. i.: To be filled with envious feelings; to regard anything with grudging and longing eyes; -- used especially with at.; v. i.: To show malice or ill will; to rail.
Found on page(s): [65, 79, 89]

wolves. - wolves., Definition(s): n.: pl. of Wolf.
Found on page(s): [51]

adventurous - adventurous, Definition(s): n.: Inclined to adventure; willing to incur hazard; prone to embark in hazardous enterprise; rashly daring; -- applied to persons.; n.: Full of hazard; attended with risk; exposing to danger; requiring courage; rash; -- applied to acts; as an adventurous undertaking deed song.
Found on page(s): [75, 76]

Contrary - Contrary, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [94]

encampment - encampment, Definition(s): n.: The act of pitching tents or forming huts as by an army or traveling company for temporary lodging or rest.; n.: The place where an army or a company is encamped; a camp; tents pitched or huts erected for temporary lodgings.
Found on page(s): [97]

hope - hope, Definition(s): n.: A sloping plain between mountain ridges.; n.: A small bay; an inlet; a haven.; n.: A desire of some good accompanied with an expectation of obtaining it or a belief that it is obtainable; an expectation of something which is thought to be desirable; confidence; pleasing expectancy.; n.: One who or that which gives hope furnishes ground of expectation or promises desired good.; n.: That which is hoped for; an object of hope.; v. i.: To entertain or indulge hope; to cherish a desire of good or of something welcome with expectation of obtaining it or belief that it is obtainable; to expect; -- usually followed by for.; v. i.: To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good; -- usually followed by in.; v. t.: To desire with expectation or with belief in the possibility or prospect of obtaining; to look forward to as a thing desirable with the expectation of obtaining it; to cherish hopes of.; v. t.: To expect; to fear.
Found on page(s): [3, 11, 31, 54, 55, 69, 76, 77, 79, 80, 95, 103]

eating, - eating,, Definition(s): n.: The act of tasking food; the act of consuming or corroding.; n.: Something fit to be eaten; food; as a peach is good eating.
Found on page(s): [30]

soon - soon, Definition(s): adv.: In a short time; shortly after any time specified or supposed; as soon after sunrise.; adv.: Without the usual delay; before any time supposed; early.; adv.: Promptly; quickly; easily.; adv.: Readily; willingly; -- in this sense used with would or some other word expressing will.; a.: Speedy; quick.
Found on page(s): [6, 19, 40, 42, 44, 46, 55, 60, 79, 83, 87, 97, 98, 101]

"Res - "Res, Definition(s): n.: A thing; the particular thing; a matter; a point.
Found on page(s): [48]

Retreat - Retreat, Definition(s): n.: The act of retiring or withdrawing one's self especially from what is dangerous or disagreeable.; n.: The place to which anyone retires; a place or privacy or safety; a refuge; an asylum.; n.: The retiring of an army or body of men from the face of an enemy or from any ground occupied to a greater distance from the enemy or from an advanced position.; n.: The withdrawing of a ship or fleet from an enemy for the purpose of avoiding an engagement or escaping after defeat.; n.: A signal given in the army or navy by the beat of a drum or the sounding of trumpet or bugle at sunset (when the roll is called) or for retiring from action.; n.: A special season of solitude and silence to engage in religious exercises.; n.: A period of several days of withdrawal from society to a religious house for exclusive occupation in the duties of devotion; as to appoint or observe a retreat.; v. i.: To make a retreat; to retire from any position or place; to withdraw; as the defeated army retreated from the field.
Found on page(s): [98]

oration - oration, Definition(s): n.: An elaborate discourse delivered in public treating an important subject in a formal and dignified manner; especially a discourse having reference to some special occasion as a funeral an anniversary a celebration or the like; -- distinguished from an argument in court a popular harangue a sermon a lecture etc.; as Webster's oration at Bunker Hill.; v. i.: To deliver an oration.
Found on page(s): [106]

suspected - suspected, Definition(s): a.: Distrusted; doubted.
Found on page(s): [89]

characteristic, - characteristic,, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to or serving to constitute the character; showing the character or distinctive qualities or traits of a person or thing; peculiar; distinctive.; n.: A distinguishing trait quality or property; an element of character; that which characterized.; n.: The integral part (whether positive or negative) of a logarithm.
Found on page(s): [51]

Magnificence - Magnificence, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing what magnificent; the state or quality of being magnificent.
Found on page(s): [1, 2]

avail, - avail,, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn to the advantage of; to be of service to; to profit; to benefit; to help; as artifices will not avail the sinner in the day of judgment.; v. t.: To promote; to assist.; v. i.: To be of use or advantage; to answer the purpose; to have strength force or efficacy sufficient to accomplish the object; as the plea in bar must avail that is be sufficient to defeat the suit; this scheme will not avail; medicines will not avail to check the disease.; n.: Profit; advantage toward success; benefit; value; as labor without economy is of little avail.; n.: Proceeds; as the avails of a sale by auction.; v. t. & i.: See Avale v.
Found on page(s): [18]

movement, - movement,, Definition(s): n.: The act of moving; change of place or posture; transference by any means from one situation to another; natural or appropriate motion; progress; advancement; as the movement of an army in marching or maneuvering; the movement of a wheel or a machine; the party of movement.; n.: Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion.; n.: Manner or style of moving; as a slow or quick or sudden movement.; n.: The rhythmical progression pace and tempo of a piece.; n.: One of the several strains or pieces each complete in itself with its own time and rhythm which make up a larger work; as the several movements of a suite or a symphony.; n.: A system of mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character or for transforming motion; as the wheelwork of a watch.
Found on page(s): [75]

Swiss; - Swiss;, Definition(s): n.sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Switzer; the people of Switzerland.; a.: Of or pertaining to Switzerland or the people of Switzerland.
Found on page(s): [78]

neutrality, - neutrality,, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being neutral; the condition of being unengaged in contests between others; state of taking no part on either side; indifference.; n.: Indifference in quality; a state neither very good nor bad.; n.: The quality or state of being neutral. See Neutral a. 4.; a.: The condition of a nation or government which refrains from taking part directly or indirectly in a war between other powers.; a.: Those who are neutral; a combination of neutral powers or states.
Found on page(s): [67, 97]

impression - impression, Definition(s): n.: The act of impressing or the state of being impressed; the communication of a stamp mold style or character by external force or by influence.; n.: That which is impressed; stamp; mark; indentation; sensible result of an influence exerted from without.; n.: That which impresses or exercises an effect action or agency; appearance; phenomenon.; n.: Influence or effect on the senses or the intellect hence interest concern.; n.: An indistinct notion remembrance or belief.; n.: Impressiveness; emphasis of delivery.; n.: The pressure of the type on the paper or the result of such pressure as regards its appearance; as a heavy impression; a clear or a poor impression; also a single copy as the result of printing or the whole edition printed at a given time.; n.: In painting the first coat of color as the priming in house painting and the like.; n.: A print on paper from a wood block metal plate or the like.
Found on page(s): [54, 64, 71]

self-interest - self-interest, Definition(s): n.: Private interest; the interest or advantage of one's self.
Found on page(s): [31]

refuge. - refuge., Definition(s): n.: Shelter or protection from danger or distress.; n.: That which shelters or protects from danger or from distress or calamity; a stronghold which protects by its strength or a sanctuary which secures safety by its sacredness; a place inaccessible to an enemy.; n.: An expedient to secure protection or defense; a device or contrivance.; v. t.: To shelter; to protect.
Found on page(s): [91]

chaste; - chaste;, Definition(s): a.: Pure from unlawful sexual intercourse; virtuous; continent.; a.: Pure in thought and act; innocent; free from lewdness and obscenity or indecency in act or speech; modest; as a chaste mind; chaste eyes.; a.: Pure in design and expression; correct; free from barbarisms or vulgarisms; refined; simple; as a chaste style in composition or art.; a.: Unmarried.
Found on page(s): [45]

acting - acting, Definition(s): a.: Operating in any way.; a.: Doing duty for another; officiating; as an acting superintendent.
Found on page(s): [61, 75, 106]

answer: - answer:, Definition(s): n.: To speak in defense against; to reply to in defense; as to answer a charge; to answer an accusation.; n.: To speak or write in return to as in return to a call or question or to a speech declaration argument or the like; to reply to (a question remark etc.); to respond to.; n.: To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation argument or justification and the like; to refute.; n.: To be or act in return or response to.; n.: To be or act in compliance with in fulfillment or satisfaction of as an order obligation demand; as he answered my claim upon him; the servant answered the bell.; n.: To render account to or for.; n.: To atone; to be punished for.; n.: To be opposite to; to face.; n.: To be or act an equivalent to or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.; n.: To be or act in accommodation conformity relation or proportion to; to correspond to; to suit.; v. i.: To speak or write by way of return (originally to a charge) or in reply; to make response.; v. i.: To make a satisfactory response or return.; v. i.: To render account or to be responsible; to be accountable; to make amends; as the man must answer to his employer for the money intrusted to his care.; v. i.: To be or act in return.; v. i.: To be or act by way of compliance fulfillment reciprocation or satisfaction; to serve the purpose; as gypsum answers as a manure on some soils.; v. i.: To be opposite or to act in opposition.; v. i.: To be or act as an equivalent or as adequate or sufficient; as a very few will answer.; v. i.: To be or act in conformity or by way of accommodation correspondence relation or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; -- usually with to.; n.: A reply to a change; a defense.; n.: Something said or written in reply to a question a call an argument an address or the like; a reply.; n.: Something done in return for or in consequence of something else; a responsive action.; n.: A solution the result of a mathematical operation; as the answer to a problem.; n.: A counter-statement of facts in a course of pleadings; a confutation of what the other party has alleged; a responsive declaration by a witness in reply to a question. In Equity it is the usual form of defense to the complainant's charges in his bill.
Found on page(s): [46]

diligently - diligently, Definition(s): adv.: In a diligent manner; not carelessly; not negligently; with industry or assiduity.
Found on page(s): [2]

paragraph. - paragraph., Definition(s): n.: Originally a marginal mark or note set in the margin to call attention to something in the text e. g. a change of subject; now the character / commonly used in the text as a reference mark to a footnote or to indicate the place of a division into sections.; n.: A distinct part of a discourse or writing; any section or subdivision of a writing or chapter which relates to a particular point whether consisting of one or many sentences. The division is sometimes noted by the mark / but usually by beginning the first sentence of the paragraph on a new line and at more than the usual distance from the margin.; n.: A brief composition complete in one typographical section or paragraph; an item remark or quotation comprised in a few lines forming one paragraph; as a column of news paragraphs; an editorial paragraph.; v. t.: To divide into paragraphs; to mark with the character /.; v. t.: To express in the compass of a paragraph; as to paragraph an article.
Found on page(s): [52]

deliver - deliver, Definition(s): v. t.: To set free from restraint; to set at liberty; to release; to liberate as from control; to give up; to free; to save; to rescue from evil actual or feared; -- often with from or out of; as to deliver one from captivity or from fear of death.; v. t.: To give or transfer; to yield possession or control of; to part with (to); to make over; to commit; to surrender; to resign; -- often with up or over to or into.; v. t.: To make over to the knowledge of another; to communicate; to utter; to speak; to impart.; v. t.: To give forth in action or exercise; to discharge; as to deliver a blow; to deliver a broadside or a ball.; v. t.: To free from or disburden of young; to relieve of a child in childbirth; to bring forth; -- often with of.; v. t.: To discover; to show.; v. t.: To deliberate.; v. t.: To admit; to allow to pass.; v. t.: Free; nimble; sprightly; active.
Found on page(s): [76, 99]

ECCLESIASTICAL - ECCLESIASTICAL, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the church; relating to the organization or government of the church; not secular; as ecclesiastical affairs or history; ecclesiastical courts.
Found on page(s): [31]

whereupon - whereupon, Definition(s): adv.: Upon which; in consequence of which; after which.
Found on page(s): [90, 94, 106, 107]

eight - eight, Definition(s): n.: An island in a river; an ait.; a.: Seven and one; as eight years.; n.: The number greater by a unit than seven; eight units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing eight units as 8 or viii.
Found on page(s): [37, 83]

religion; - religion;, Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [24]

Ghibelline - Ghibelline, Definition(s): n.: One of a faction in Italy in the 12th and 13th centuries which favored the German emperors and opposed the Guelfs or adherents of the poses.
Found on page(s): [63, 87]

Insomuch - Insomuch, Definition(s): adv.: So; to such a degree; in such wise; -- followed by that or as and formerly sometimes by both. Cf. Inasmuch.
Found on page(s): [50]

illness - illness, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being ill evil or bad; badness; unfavorableness.; n.: Disease; indisposition; malady; disorder of health; sickness; as a short or a severe illness.; n.: Wrong moral conduct; wickedness.
Found on page(s): [90]

religion, - religion,, Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [31]

religion. - religion., Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [52]

strike - strike, Definition(s): v. t.: To touch or hit with some force either with the hand or with an instrument; to smite; to give a blow to either with the hand or with any instrument or missile.; v. t.: To come in collision with; to strike against; as a bullet struck him; the wave struck the boat amidships; the ship struck a reef.; v. t.: To give as a blow; to impel as with a blow; to give a force to; to dash; to cast.; v. t.: To stamp or impress with a stroke; to coin; as to strike coin from metal: to strike dollars at the mint.; v. t.: To thrust in; to cause to enter or penetrate; to set in the earth; as a tree strikes its roots deep.; v. t.: To punish; to afflict; to smite.; v. t.: To cause to sound by one or more beats; to indicate or notify by audible strokes; as the clock strikes twelve; the drums strike up a march.; v. t.: To lower; to let or take down; to remove; as to strike sail; to strike a flag or an ensign as in token of surrender; to strike a yard or a topmast in a gale; to strike a tent; to strike the centering of an arch.; v. t.: To make a sudden impression upon as by a blow; to affect sensibly with some strong emotion; as to strike the mind with surprise; to strike one with wonder alarm dread or horror.; v. t.: To affect in some particular manner by a sudden impression or impulse; as the plan proposed strikes me favorably; to strike one dead or blind.; v. t.: To cause or produce by a stroke or suddenly as by a stroke; as to strike a light.; v. t.: To cause to ignite; as to strike a match.; v. t.: To make and ratify; as to strike a bargain.; v. t.: To take forcibly or fraudulently; as to strike money.; v. t.: To level as a measure of grain salt or the like by scraping off with a straight instrument what is above the level of the top.; v. t.: To cut off as a mortar joint even with the face of the wall or inward at a slight angle.; v. t.: To hit upon or light upon suddenly; as my eye struck a strange word; they soon struck the trail.; v. t.: To borrow money of; to make a demand upon; as he struck a friend for five dollars.; v. t.: To lade into a cooler as a liquor.; v. t.: To stroke or pass lightly; to wave.; v. t.: To advance; to cause to go forward; -- used only in past participle.; v. i.: To move; to advance; to proceed; to take a course; as to strike into the fields.; v. i.: To deliver a quick blow or thrust; to give blows.; v. i.: To hit; to collide; to dush; to clash; as a hammer strikes against the bell of a clock.; v. i.: To sound by percussion with blows or as with blows; to be struck; as the clock strikes.; v. i.: To make an attack; to aim a blow.; v. i.: To touch; to act by appulse.; v. i.: To run upon a rock or bank; to be stranded; as the ship struck in the night.; v. i.: To pass with a quick or strong effect; to dart; to penetrate.; v. i.: To break forth; to commence suddenly; -- with into; as to strike into reputation; to strike into a run.; v. i.: To lower a flag or colors in token of respect or to signify a surrender of a ship to an enemy.; v. i.: To quit work in order to compel an increase or prevent a reduction of wages.; v. i.: To become attached to something; -- said of the spat of oysters.; v. i.: To steal money.; n.: The act of striking.; n.: An instrument with a straight edge for leveling a measure of grain salt and the like scraping off what is above the level of the top; a strickle.; n.: A bushel; four pecks.; n.: An old measure of four bushels.; n.: Fullness of measure; hence excellence of quality.; n.: An iron pale or standard in a gate or fence.; n.: The act of quitting work; specifically such an act by a body of workmen done as a means of enforcing compliance with demands made on their employer.; n.: A puddler's stirrer.; n.: The horizontal direction of the outcropping edges of tilted rocks; or the direction of a horizontal line supposed to be drawn on the surface of a tilted stratum. It is at right angles to the dip.; n.: The extortion of money or the attempt to extort money by threat of injury; blackmailing.
Found on page(s): [98]

allege - allege, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward with positiveness; to declare; to affirm; to assert; as to allege a fact.; v. t.: To cite or quote; as to allege the authority of a judge.; v. t.: To produce or urge as a reason plea or excuse; as he refused to lend alleging a resolution against lending.; v. t.: To alleviate; to lighten as a burden or a trouble.
Found on page(s): [10]

captain; - captain;, Definition(s): n.: The military officer who commands a company troop or battery or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service.; n.: An officer in the United States navy next above a commander and below a commodore and ranking with a colonel in the army.; n.: By courtesy an officer actually commanding a vessel although not having the rank of captain.; n.: The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel.; n.: One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as a captain of a top captain of a gun etc.; n.: The foreman of a body of workmen.; n.: A person having authority over others acting in concert; as the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team.; n.: A military leader; a warrior.; v. t.: To act as captain of; to lead.; a.: Chief; superior.
Found on page(s): [35]

cavalcade - cavalcade, Definition(s): n.: A procession of persons on horseback; a formal pompous march of horsemen by way of parade.
Found on page(s): [83]

prospect - prospect, Definition(s): v.: That which is embraced by eye in vision; the region which the eye overlooks at one time; view; scene; outlook.; v.: Especially a picturesque or widely extended view; a landscape; hence a sketch of a landscape.; v.: A position affording a fine view; a lookout.; v.: Relative position of the front of a building or other structure; face; relative aspect.; v.: The act of looking forward; foresight; anticipation; as a prospect of the future state.; v.: That which is hoped for; ground for hope or expectation; expectation; probable result; as the prospect of success.; v. t.: To look over; to explore or examine for something; as to prospect a district for gold.; v. i.: To make a search; to seek; to explore as for mines or the like; as to prospect for gold.
Found on page(s): [55]

presumptuous - presumptuous, Definition(s): a.: Full of presumption; presuming; overconfident or venturesome; audacious; rash; taking liberties unduly; arrogant; insolent; as a presumptuous commander; presumptuous conduct.; a.: Founded on presumption; as a presumptuous idea.; a.: Done with hold design rash confidence or in violation of known duty; willful.
Found on page(s): [32, 44]

captain. - captain., Definition(s): n.: The military officer who commands a company troop or battery or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service.; n.: An officer in the United States navy next above a commander and below a commodore and ranking with a colonel in the army.; n.: By courtesy an officer actually commanding a vessel although not having the rank of captain.; n.: The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel.; n.: One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as a captain of a top captain of a gun etc.; n.: The foreman of a body of workmen.; n.: A person having authority over others acting in concert; as the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team.; n.: A military leader; a warrior.; v. t.: To act as captain of; to lead.; a.: Chief; superior.
Found on page(s): [24]

captain, - captain,, Definition(s): n.: The military officer who commands a company troop or battery or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service.; n.: An officer in the United States navy next above a commander and below a commodore and ranking with a colonel in the army.; n.: By courtesy an officer actually commanding a vessel although not having the rank of captain.; n.: The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel.; n.: One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as a captain of a top captain of a gun etc.; n.: The foreman of a body of workmen.; n.: A person having authority over others acting in concert; as the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team.; n.: A military leader; a warrior.; v. t.: To act as captain of; to lead.; a.: Chief; superior.
Found on page(s): [16, 58, 88]

possess, - possess,, Definition(s): v. t.: To occupy in person; to hold or actually have in one's own keeping; to have and to hold.; v. t.: To have the legal title to; to have a just right to; to be master of; to own; to have; as to possess property an estate a book.; v. t.: To obtain occupation or possession of; to accomplish; to gain; to seize.; v. t.: To enter into and influence; to control the will of; to fill; to affect; -- said especially of evil spirits passions etc.; v. t.: To put in possession; to make the owner or holder of property power knowledge etc.; to acquaint; to inform; -- followed by of or with before the thing possessed and now commonly used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [43]

trouble. - trouble., Definition(s): v. t.: To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate.; v. t.: To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex.; v. t.: To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as I will not trouble you to deliver the letter.; a.: Troubled; dark; gloomy.; v. t.: The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity.; v. t.: That which gives disturbance annoyance or vexation; that which afflicts.; v. t.: A fault or interruption in a stratum.
Found on page(s): [18, 37, 96]

trouble, - trouble,, Definition(s): v. t.: To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate.; v. t.: To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex.; v. t.: To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as I will not trouble you to deliver the letter.; a.: Troubled; dark; gloomy.; v. t.: The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity.; v. t.: That which gives disturbance annoyance or vexation; that which afflicts.; v. t.: A fault or interruption in a stratum.
Found on page(s): [94]

instance - instance, Definition(s): n.: The act or quality of being instant or pressing; urgency; solicitation; application; suggestion; motion.; n.: That which is instant or urgent; motive.; n.: Occasion; order of occurrence.; n.: That which offers itself or is offered as an illustrative case; something cited in proof or exemplification; a case occurring; an example.; n.: A token; a sign; a symptom or indication.; v. t.: To mention as a case or example; to refer to; to cite; as to instance a fact.; v. i.: To give an example.
Found on page(s): [16, 40]

appear, - appear,, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.; v. i.: To come before the public; as a great writer appeared at that time.; v. i.: To stand in presence of some authority tribunal or superior person to answer a charge plead a cause or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court or as a person to be tried.; v. i.: To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.; v. i.: To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.; n.: Appearance.
Found on page(s): [56]

wife, - wife,, Definition(s): n.: A woman; an adult female; -- now used in literature only in certain compounds and phrases as alewife fishwife goodwife and the like.; n.: The lawful consort of a man; a woman who is united to a man in wedlock; a woman who has a husband; a married woman; -- correlative of husband.
Found on page(s): [10]

banquet - banquet, Definition(s): n.: A feast; a sumptuous entertainment of eating and drinking; often a complimentary or ceremonious feast followed by speeches.; n.: A dessert; a course of sweetmeats; a sweetmeat or sweetmeats.; v. t.: To treat with a banquet or sumptuous entertainment of food; to feast.; v. i.: To regale one's self with good eating and drinking; to feast.; v. i.: To partake of a dessert after a feast.
Found on page(s): [25, 91, 105]

serve - serve, Definition(s): v. t.: To work for; to labor in behalf of; to exert one's self continuously or statedly for the benefit of; to do service for; to be in the employment of as an inferior domestic serf slave hired assistant official helper etc.; specifically in a religious sense to obey and worship.; v. t.: To be subordinate to; to act a secondary part under; to appear as the inferior of; to minister to.; v. t.: To be suitor to; to profess love to.; v. t.: To wait upon; to supply the wants of; to attend; specifically to wait upon at table; to attend at meals; to supply with food; as to serve customers in a shop.; v. t.: Hence to bring forward arrange deal or distribute as a portion of anything especially of food prepared for eating; -- often with up; formerly with in.; v. t.: To perform the duties belonging to or required in or for; hence to be of use to; as a curate may serve two churches; to serve one's country.; v. t.: To contribute or conduce to; to promote; to be sufficient for; to satisfy; as to serve one's turn.; v. t.: To answer or be (in the place of something) to; as a sofa serves one for a seat and a couch.; v. t.: To treat; to behave one's self to; to requite; to act toward; as he served me very ill.; v. t.: To work; to operate; as to serve the guns.; v. t.: To bring to notice deliver or execute either actually or constructively in such manner as the law requires; as to serve a summons.; v. t.: To make legal service opon (a person named in a writ summons etc.); as to serve a witness with a subp/na.; v. t.: To pass or spend as time esp. time of punishment; as to serve a term in prison.; v. t.: To copulate with; to cover; as a horse serves a mare; -- said of the male.; v. t.: To lead off in delivering (the ball).; v. t.: To wind spun yarn or the like tightly around (a rope or cable etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather. See under Serving.; v. i.: To be a servant or a slave; to be employed in labor or other business for another; to be in subjection or bondage; to render menial service.; v. i.: To perform domestic offices; to be occupied with household affairs; to prepare and dish up food etc.; v. i.: To be in service; to do duty; to discharge the requirements of an office or employment. Specifically to act in the public service as a soldier seaman. etc.; v. i.: To be of use; to answer a purpose; to suffice; to suit; to be convenient or favorable.; v. i.: To lead off in delivering the ball.
Found on page(s): [25, 63, 64, 82, 103]

envious - envious, Definition(s): a.: Malignant; mischievous; spiteful.; a.: Feeling or exhibiting envy; actuated or directed by or proceeding from envy; -- said of a person disposition feeling act etc.; jealously pained by the excellence or good fortune of another; maliciously grudging; -- followed by of at and against; as an envious man disposition attack; envious tongues.; a.: Inspiring envy.; a.: Excessively careful; cautious.
Found on page(s): [102, 106]

appear. - appear., Definition(s): v. i.: To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.; v. i.: To come before the public; as a great writer appeared at that time.; v. i.: To stand in presence of some authority tribunal or superior person to answer a charge plead a cause or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court or as a person to be tried.; v. i.: To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.; v. i.: To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.; n.: Appearance.
Found on page(s): [79]

fine - fine, Definition(s): superl.: Finished; brought to perfection; refined; hence free from impurity; excellent; superior; elegant; worthy of admiration; accomplished; beautiful.; superl.: Aiming at show or effect; loaded with ornament; overdressed or overdecorated; showy.; superl.: Nice; delicate; subtle; exquisite; artful; skillful; dexterous.; superl.: Not gross; subtile; thin; tenous.; superl.: Not coarse; comminuted; in small particles; as fine sand or flour.; superl.: Not thick or heavy; slender; filmy; as a fine thread.; superl.: Thin; attenuate; keen; as a fine edge.; superl.: Made of fine materials; light; delicate; as fine linen or silk.; superl.: Having (such) a proportion of pure metal in its composition; as coins nine tenths fine.; superl.: (Used ironically.; a.: To make fine; to refine; to purify to clarify; as to fine gold.; a.: To make finer or less coarse as in bulk texture etc.; as. to fine the soil.; a.: To change by fine gradations; as (Naut.) to fine down a ship's lines to diminish her lines gradually.; n.: End; conclusion; termination; extinction.; n.: A sum of money paid as the settlement of a claim or by way of terminating a matter in dispute; especially a payment of money imposed upon a party as a punishment for an offense; a mulct.; n.: A final agreement concerning lands or rents between persons as the lord and his vassal.; n.: A sum of money or price paid for obtaining a benefit favor or privilege as for admission to a copyhold or for obtaining or renewing a lease.; n.: To impose a pecuniary penalty upon for an offense or breach of law; to set a fine on by judgment of a court; to punish by fine; to mulct; as the trespassers were fined ten dollars.; v. i.: To pay a fine. See Fine n. 3 (b).; v. t.: To finish; to cease; or to cause to cease.
Found on page(s): [65, 105, 106]

diverge - diverge, Definition(s): v. i.: To extend from a common point in different directions; to tend from one point and recede from each other; to tend to spread apart; to turn aside or deviate (as from a given direction); -- opposed to converge; as rays of light diverge as they proceed from the sun.; v. i.: To differ from a typical form; to vary from a normal condition; to dissent from a creed or position generally held or taken.
Found on page(s): [52]

backward - backward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Directed to the back or rear; as backward glances.; a.: Unwilling; averse; reluctant; hesitating; loath.; a.: Not well advanced in learning; not quick of apprehension; dull; inapt; as a backward child.; a.: Late or behindhand; as a backward season.; a.: Not advanced in civilization; undeveloped; as the country or region is in a backward state.; a.: Already past or gone; bygone.; n.: The state behind or past.; v. i.: To keep back; to hinder.
Found on page(s): [97]

horseman, - horseman,, Definition(s): n.: A rider on horseback; one skilled in the management of horses; a mounted man.; n.: A mounted soldier; a cavalryman.; n.: A land crab of the genus Ocypoda living on the coast of Brazil and the West Indies noted for running very swiftly.; n.: A West Indian fish of the genus Eques as the light-horseman (E. lanceolatus).
Found on page(s): [88]

citizen - citizen, Definition(s): n.: One who enjoys the freedom and privileges of a city; a freeman of a city as distinguished from a foreigner or one not entitled to its franchises.; n.: An inhabitant of a city; a townsman.; n.: A person native or naturalized of either sex who owes allegiance to a government and is entitled to reciprocal protection from it.; n.: One who is domiciled in a country and who is a citizen though neither native nor naturalized in such a sense that he takes his legal status from such country.; a.: Having the condition or qualities of a citizen or of citizens; as a citizen soldiery.; a.: Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a city; characteristic of citizens; effeminate; luxurious.
Found on page(s): [27, 29, 41, 105, 106]

renown. - renown., Definition(s): v.: The state of being much known and talked of; exalted reputation derived from the extensive praise of great achievements or accomplishments; fame; celebrity; -- always in a good sense.; v.: Report of nobleness or exploits; praise.; v. t.: To make famous; to give renown to.
Found on page(s): [36]

Saul - Saul, Definition(s): n.: Soul.; n.: Same as Sal the tree.
Found on page(s): [40]

lordship - lordship, Definition(s): n.: The state or condition of being a lord; hence (with his or your) a title applied to a lord (except an archbishop or duke who is called Grace) or a judge (in Great Britain) etc.; n.: Seigniory; domain; the territory over which a lord holds jurisdiction; a manor.; n.: Dominion; power; authority.
Found on page(s): [7]

occur - occur, Definition(s): v. i.: To meet; to clash.; v. i.: To go in order to meet; to make reply.; v. i.: To meet one's eye; to be found or met with; to present itself; to offer; to appear; to happen; to take place; as I will write if opportunity occurs.; v. i.: To meet or come to the mind; to suggest itself; to be presented to the imagination or memory.
Found on page(s): [3, 22, 86]

drove - drove, Definition(s): imp.: of Drive.; n.: A collection of cattle driven or cattle collected for driving; a number of animals as oxen sheep or swine driven in a body.; n.: Any collection of irrational animals moving or driving forward; as a finny drove.; n.: A crowd of people in motion.; n.: A road for driving cattle; a driftway.; n.: A narrow drain or channel used in the irrigation of land.; n.: A broad chisel used to bring stone to a nearly smooth surface; -- called also drove chisel.; n.: The grooved surface of stone finished by the drove chisel; -- called also drove work.
Found on page(s): [9, 98, 99]

existence. - existence., Definition(s): n.: The state of existing or being; actual possession of being; continuance in being; as the existence of body and of soul in union; the separate existence of the soul; immortal existence.; n.: Continued or repeated manifestation; occurrence as of events of any kind; as the existence of a calamity or of a state of war.; n.: That which exists; a being; a creature; an entity; as living existences.
Found on page(s): [41]

illustrate - illustrate, Definition(s): v. t.: To make clear bright or luminous.; v. t.: To set in a clear light; to exhibit distinctly or conspicuously.; v. t.: To make clear intelligible or apprehensible; to elucidate explain or exemplify as by means of figures comparisons and examples.; v. t.: To adorn with pictures as a book or a subject; to elucidate with pictures as a history or a romance.; v. t.: To give renown or honor to; to make illustrious; to glorify.; a.: Illustrated; distinguished; illustrious.
Found on page(s): [76]

SIGNOR - SIGNOR, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [79]

difficult - difficult, Definition(s): a.: Hard to do or to make; beset with difficulty; attended with labor trouble or pains; not easy; arduous.; a.: Hard to manage or to please; not easily wrought upon; austere; stubborn; as a difficult person.; v. t.: To render difficult; to impede; to perplex.
Found on page(s): [7, 15, 16, 25, 31, 35, 48, 49, 64, 77, 96, 100]

forget - forget, Definition(s): v. t.: To lose the remembrance of; to let go from the memory; to cease to have in mind; not to think of; also to lose the power of; to cease from doing.; v. t.: To treat with inattention or disregard; to slight; to neglect.
Found on page(s): [13, 23, 31, 49]

lion, - lion,, Definition(s): n.: A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo) found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male in most varieties has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length however is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety called the maneless lion the male has only a slight mane.; n.: A sign and a constellation; Leo.; n.: An object of interest and curiosity especially a person who is so regarded; as he was quite a lion in London at that time.
Found on page(s): [58]

convenient - convenient, Definition(s): v. i.: Fit or adapted; suitable; proper; becoming; appropriate.; v. i.: Affording accommodation or advantage; well adapted to use; handly; as a convenient house; convenient implements or tools.; v. i.: Seasonable; timely; opportune; as a convenient occasion; a convenient season.; v. i.: Near at hand; easy of access.
Found on page(s): [68]

task - task, Definition(s): v.: Labor or study imposed by another often in a definite quantity or amount.; v.: Business; employment; undertaking; labor.; v. t.: To impose a task upon; to assign a definite amount of business labor or duty to.; v. t.: To oppress with severe or excessive burdens; to tax.; v. t.: To charge; to tax; as with a fault.
Found on page(s): [104]

ought, - ought,, Definition(s): n. & adv.: See Aught.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Was or were under obligation to pay; owed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Owned; possessed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be bound in duty or by moral obligation.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be necessary fit becoming or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed.; : of Owe.
Found on page(s): [28, 57, 66]

unless, - unless,, Definition(s): conj.: Upon any less condition than (the fact or thing stated in the sentence or clause which follows); if not; supposing that not; if it be not; were it not that; except; as we shall fail unless we are industrious.
Found on page(s): [17]

tactics - tactics, Definition(s): n.: The science and art of disposing military and naval forces in order for battle and performing military and naval evolutions. It is divided into grand tactics or the tactics of battles and elementary tactics or the tactics of instruction.; n.: Hence any system or method of procedure.
Found on page(s): [78]

lion; - lion;, Definition(s): n.: A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo) found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male in most varieties has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length however is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety called the maneless lion the male has only a slight mane.; n.: A sign and a constellation; Leo.; n.: An object of interest and curiosity especially a person who is so regarded; as he was quite a lion in London at that time.
Found on page(s): [51]

Magnificent - Magnificent, Definition(s): a.: Doing grand things; admirable in action; displaying great power or opulence especially in building way of living and munificence.; a.: Grand in appearance; exhibiting grandeur or splendor; splendid' pompous.
Found on page(s): [1]

belong - belong, Definition(s): v. i.: To be the property of; as Jamaica belongs to Great Britain.; v. i.: To be a part of or connected with; to be appendant or related; to owe allegiance or service.; v. i.: To be the concern or proper business or function of; to appertain to.; v. i.: To be suitable for; to be due to.; v. i.: To be native to or an inhabitant of; esp. to have a legal residence settlement or inhabitancy whether by birth or operation of law so as to be entitled to maintenance by the parish or town.; v. t.: To be deserved by.
Found on page(s): [34]

outwit - outwit, Definition(s): v. t.: To surpass in wisdom esp. in cunning; to defeat or overreach by superior craft.; n.: The faculty of acquiring wisdom by observation and experience or the wisdom so acquired; -- opposed to inwit.
Found on page(s): [81]

soul - soul, Definition(s): a.: Sole.; a.: Sole.; v. i.: To afford suitable sustenance.; n.: The seat of real life or vitality; the source of action; the animating or essential part.; n.: The leader; the inspirer; the moving spirit; the heart; as the soul of an enterprise; an able general is the soul of his army.; n.: Energy; courage; spirit; fervor; affection or any other noble manifestation of the heart or moral nature; inherent power or goodness.; n.: A human being; a person; -- a familiar appellation usually with a qualifying epithet; as poor soul.; n.: A pure or disembodied spirit.; v. t.: To indue with a soul; to furnish with a soul or mind.
Found on page(s): [76, 102, 105]

onset. - onset., Definition(s): n.: A rushing or setting upon; an attack; an assault; a storming; especially the assault of an army.; n.: A setting about; a beginning.; n.: Anything set on or added as an ornament or as a useful appendage.; v. t.: To assault; to set upon.; v. t.: To set about; to begin.
Found on page(s): [91]

abundance - abundance, Definition(s): n.: An overflowing fullness; ample sufficiency; great plenty; profusion; copious supply; superfluity; wealth: -- strictly applicable to quantity only but sometimes used of number.
Found on page(s): [13, 30]

Lucchese, - Lucchese,, Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Lucca in Tuscany; in the plural the people of Lucca.
Found on page(s): [8, 91]

dangerous - dangerous, Definition(s): a.: Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe.; a.: Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.; a.: In a condition of danger as from illness; threatened with death.; a.: Hard to suit; difficult to please.; a.: Reserved; not affable.
Found on page(s): [59, 61, 105]

edifice: - edifice:, Definition(s): n.: A building; a structure; an architectural fabric; -- chiefly applied to elegant houses and other large buildings; as a palace a church a statehouse.
Found on page(s): [16]

Lucchese. - Lucchese., Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: A native or inhabitant of Lucca in Tuscany; in the plural the people of Lucca.
Found on page(s): [89, 99, 103]

Philip - Philip, Definition(s): n.: The European hedge sparrow.; n.: The house sparrow. Called also phip.
Found on page(s): [7, 35, 72, 107]

predominancy - predominancy, Definition(s): n.: Predominance.
Found on page(s): [10]

presently, - presently,, Definition(s): adv.: At present; at this time; now.; adv.: At once; without delay; forthwith; also less definitely soon; shortly; before long; after a little while; by and by.; adv.: With actual presence; actually .
Found on page(s): [40]

heard - heard, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hear.
Found on page(s): [5, 80, 85, 86, 91, 94, 96, 98, 99, 104]

discontented - discontented, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Dissatisfied; uneasy in mind; malcontent.
Found on page(s): [15, 64, 80]

execution - execution, Definition(s): n.: The act of executing; a carrying into effect or to completion; performance; achievement; consummation; as the execution of a plan a work etc.; n.: A putting to death as a legal penalty; death lawfully inflicted; as the execution of a murderer.; n.: The act of the mode of performing a work of art of performing on an instrument of engraving etc.; as the execution of a statue painting or piece of music.; n.: The carrying into effect the judgment given in a court of law.; n.: A judicial writ by which an officer is empowered to carry a judgment into effect; final process.; n.: The act of signing and delivering a legal instrument or giving it the forms required to render it valid; as the execution of a deed or a will.; n.: That which is executed or accomplished; effect; effective work; -- usually with do.; n.: The act of sacking a town.
Found on page(s): [55, 99]

falling - falling, Definition(s): a. & n.: from Fall v. i.
Found on page(s): [70]

strength. - strength., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance whether physical intellectual or moral; force; vigor; power; as strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind of memory or of judgment.; n.: Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as the strength of a bone of a beam of a wall a rope and the like.; n.: Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.; n.: That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.; n.: One who or that which is regarded as embodying or affording force strength or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.; n.: Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.; n.: Intensity; -- said of light or color.; n.: Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors solutions etc.; as the strength of wine or of acids.; n.: A strong place; a stronghold.; v. t.: To strengthen.
Found on page(s): [42]

longer, - longer,, Definition(s): n.: One who longs for anything.
Found on page(s): [16, 102]

sought - sought, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Seek.
Found on page(s): [34, 59, 94, 103]

longer. - longer., Definition(s): n.: One who longs for anything.
Found on page(s): [26, 51, 88]

master - master, Definition(s): n.: A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as a two-master.; n.: A male person having another living being so far subject to his will that he can in the main control his or its actions; -- formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign prince or feudal noble; a chief or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute -- especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or other supernatural being.; n.: One who uses or controls at will anything inanimate; as to be master of one's time.; n.: One who has attained great skill in the use or application of anything; as a master of oratorical art.; n.: A title given by courtesy now commonly pronounced mister except when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister but usually abbreviated to Mr.; n.: A young gentleman; a lad or small boy.; n.: The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain. Also a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign and below lieutenant; formerly an officer on a man-of-war who had immediate charge under the commander of sailing the vessel.; n.: A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons esp. the presiding officer; also a person holding a similar office in other civic societies.; v. t.: To become the master of; to subject to one's will control or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.; v. t.: To gain the command of so as to understand or apply; to become an adept in; as to master a science.; v. t.: To own; to posses.; v. i.: To be skillful; to excel.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 9, 11, 13, 18, 19, 21, 40, 42, 52, 58, 88, 93]

strength, - strength,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance whether physical intellectual or moral; force; vigor; power; as strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind of memory or of judgment.; n.: Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as the strength of a bone of a beam of a wall a rope and the like.; n.: Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.; n.: That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.; n.: One who or that which is regarded as embodying or affording force strength or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.; n.: Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.; n.: Intensity; -- said of light or color.; n.: Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors solutions etc.; as the strength of wine or of acids.; n.: A strong place; a stronghold.; v. t.: To strengthen.
Found on page(s): [77, 87]

extraordinary - extraordinary, Definition(s): a.: Beyond or out of the common order or method; not usual customary regular or ordinary; as extraordinary evils; extraordinary remedies.; a.: Exceeding the common degree measure. or condition; hence remarkable; uncommon; rare; wonderful; as extraordinary talents or grandeur.; a.: Employed or sent upon an unusual or special service; as an ambassador extraordinary.; n.: That which is extraordinary; -- used especially in the plural; as extraordinaries excepted there is nothing to prevent success.
Found on page(s): [3, 18, 46, 66]

concerning - concerning, Definition(s): prep.: Pertaining to; regarding; having relation to; respecting; as regards.; a.: Important.; n.: That in which one is concerned or interested; concern; affair; interest.; n.: Importance; moment; consequence.; n.: Concern; participation; interposition.; n.: Emotion of mind; solicitude; anxiety.
Found on page(s): [10, 41, 44, 53, 54, 71, 74, 80, 91, 107]

attraction - attraction, Definition(s): n.: An invisible power in a body by which it draws anything to itself; the power in nature acting mutually between bodies or ultimate particles tending to draw them together or to produce their cohesion or combination and conversely resisting separation.; n.: The act or property of attracting; the effect of the power or operation of attraction.; n.: The power or act of alluring drawing to inviting or engaging; an attractive quality; as the attraction of beauty or eloquence.; n.: That which attracts; an attractive object or feature.
Found on page(s): [34]

pretender - pretender, Definition(s): n.: One who lays claim or asserts a title (to something); a claimant.; n.: The pretender (Eng. Hist.) the son or the grandson of James II. the heir of the royal family of Stuart who laid claim to the throne of Great Britain from which the house was excluded by law.; n.: One who pretends simulates or feigns.
Found on page(s): [51]

mere - mere, Definition(s): n.: A pool or lake.; n.: A boundary.; v. t.: To divide limit or bound.; n.: A mare.; Superl.: Unmixed; pure; entire; absolute; unqualified.; Superl.: Only this and nothing else; such and no more; simple; bare; as a mere boy; a mere form.
Found on page(s): [15]

dead, - dead,, Definition(s): a.: Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as a dead tree; a dead man.; a.: Destitute of life; inanimate; as dead matter.; a.: Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike; as a dead sleep.; a.: Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless; as dead calm; a dead load or weight.; a.: So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless; as a dead floor.; a.: Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable; as dead capital; dead stock in trade.; a.: Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless; as dead eye; dead fire; dead color etc.; a.: Monotonous or unvaried; as a dead level or pain; a dead wall.; a.: Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete; as a dead shot; a dead certainty.; a.: Bringing death; deadly.; a.: Wanting in religious spirit and vitality; as dead faith; dead works.; a.: Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect.; a.: Not brilliant; not rich; thus brown is a dead color as compared with crimson.; a.: Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property; as one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead.; a.: Not imparting motion or power; as the dead spindle of a lathe etc. See Spindle.; adv.: To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly.; n.: The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose inertness or gloom; as the dead of winter.; n.: One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively.; v. t.: To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life force or vigor.; v. i.: To die; to lose life or force.
Found on page(s): [24, 36, 79]

suburb - suburb, Definition(s): n.: An outlying part of a city or town; a smaller place immediately adjacent to a city; in the plural the region which is on the confines of any city or large town; as a house stands in the suburbs; a garden situated in the suburbs of Paris.; n.: Hence the confines; the outer part; the environment.
Found on page(s): [84]

jealousy, - jealousy,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being jealous; earnest concern or solicitude; painful apprehension of rivalship in cases nearly affecting one's happiness; painful suspicion of the faithfulness of husband wife or lover.
Found on page(s): [55]

strength; - strength;, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance whether physical intellectual or moral; force; vigor; power; as strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind of memory or of judgment.; n.: Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as the strength of a bone of a beam of a wall a rope and the like.; n.: Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.; n.: That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.; n.: One who or that which is regarded as embodying or affording force strength or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.; n.: Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.; n.: Intensity; -- said of light or color.; n.: Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors solutions etc.; as the strength of wine or of acids.; n.: A strong place; a stronghold.; v. t.: To strengthen.
Found on page(s): [7]

coming - coming, Definition(s): a.: Approaching; of the future especially the near future; the next; as the coming week or year; the coming exhibition.; a.: Ready to come; complaisant; fond.; n.: Approach; advent; manifestation; as the coming of the train.; n.: Specifically: The Second Advent of Christ.
Found on page(s): [27, 80, 90, 91, 99]

reason, - reason,, Definition(s): n.: A thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; a just ground for a conclusion or an action; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation; the efficient cause of an occurrence or a phenomenon; a motive for an action or a determination; proof more or less decisive for an opinion or a conclusion; principle; efficient cause; final cause; ground of argument.; n.: The faculty or capacity of the human mind by which it is distinguished from the intelligence of the inferior animals; the higher as distinguished from the lower cognitive faculties sense imagination and memory and in contrast to the feelings and desires. Reason comprises conception judgment reasoning and the intuitional faculty. Specifically it is the intuitional faculty or the faculty of first truths as distinguished from the understanding which is called the discursive or ratiocinative faculty.; n.: Due exercise of the reasoning faculty; accordance with or that which is accordant with and ratified by the mind rightly exercised; right intellectual judgment; clear and fair deductions from true principles; that which is dictated or supported by the common sense of mankind; right conduct; right; propriety; justice.; n.: Ratio; proportion.; n.: To exercise the rational faculty; to deduce inferences from premises; to perform the process of deduction or of induction; to ratiocinate; to reach conclusions by a systematic comparison of facts.; n.: Hence: To carry on a process of deduction or of induction in order to convince or to confute; to formulate and set forth propositions and the inferences from them; to argue.; n.: To converse; to compare opinions.; v. t.: To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss; as I reasoned the matter with my friend.; v. t.: To support with reasons as a request.; v. t.: To persuade by reasoning or argument; as to reason one into a belief; to reason one out of his plan.; v. t.: To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons; -- with down; as to reason down a passion.; v. t.: To find by logical processes; to explain or justify by reason or argument; -- usually with out; as to reason out the causes of the librations of the moon.
Found on page(s): [6, 53]

Soldan, - Soldan,, Definition(s): n.: A sultan.
Found on page(s): [60]

edifying - edifying, Definition(s): a.: Instructing; improving; as an edifying conversation.
Found on page(s): [86]

"col - "col, Definition(s): : A prefix signifying with together. See Com-.
Found on page(s): [35]

theatre - theatre, Definition(s): n.: An edifice in which dramatic performances or spectacles are exhibited for the amusement of spectators; anciently uncovered except the stage but in modern times roofed.; n.: Any room adapted to the exhibition of any performances before an assembly as public lectures scholastic exercises anatomical demonstrations surgical operations etc.; n.: That which resembles a theater in form use or the like; a place rising by steps or gradations like the seats of a theater.; n.: A sphere or scheme of operation.; n.: A place or region where great events are enacted; as the theater of war.
Found on page(s): [60]

dispersed, - dispersed,, Definition(s): a.: Scattered.
Found on page(s): [13]

firm - firm, Definition(s): superl.: Fixed; hence closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as firm flesh; firm muscles firm wood.; superl.: Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong; as a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent.; superl.: Solid; -- opposed to fluid; as firm land.; superl.: Indicating firmness; as a firm tread; a firm countenance.; a.: The name title or style under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house; as the firm of Hope & Co.; a.: To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish.; a.: To fix or direct with firmness.
Found on page(s): [22, 34]

dispersed. - dispersed., Definition(s): a.: Scattered.
Found on page(s): [15]

Clement - Clement, Definition(s): a.: Mild in temper and disposition; merciful; compassionate.
Found on page(s): [77]

cruelty, - cruelty,, Definition(s): n.: The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.; n.: A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Found on page(s): [26, 47, 48, 49, 57]

FAITH - FAITH, Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [50]

extraordinary. - extraordinary., Definition(s): a.: Beyond or out of the common order or method; not usual customary regular or ordinary; as extraordinary evils; extraordinary remedies.; a.: Exceeding the common degree measure. or condition; hence remarkable; uncommon; rare; wonderful; as extraordinary talents or grandeur.; a.: Employed or sent upon an unusual or special service; as an ambassador extraordinary.; n.: That which is extraordinary; -- used especially in the plural; as extraordinaries excepted there is nothing to prevent success.
Found on page(s): [65]

temporal - temporal, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the temple or temples; as the temporal bone; a temporal artery.; n.: Of or pertaining to time that is to the present life or this world; secular as distinguished from sacred or eternal.; n.: Civil or political as distinguished from ecclesiastical; as temporal power; temporal courts.; n.: Anything temporal or secular; a temporality; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Found on page(s): [8, 32, 37]

influence, - influence,, Definition(s): n.: A flowing in or upon; influx.; n.: Hence in general the bringing about of an effect phusical or moral by a gradual process; controlling power quietly exerted; agency force or tendency of any kind which the sun exerts on animal and vegetable life; the influence of education on the mind; the influence according to astrologersof the stars over affairs.; n.: Power or authority arising from elevated station excelence of character or intellect wealth etc.; reputation; acknowledged ascendency; as he is a man of influence in the community.; n.: Induction.; v. t.: To control or move by power physical or moral; to affect by gentle action; to exert an influence upon; to modify bias or sway; to move; to persuade; to induce.
Found on page(s): [23]

cruelty. - cruelty., Definition(s): n.: The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.; n.: A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Found on page(s): [57]

distinguish - distinguish, Definition(s): v. t.: Not set apart from others by visible marks; to make distinctive or discernible by exhibiting differences; to mark off by some characteristic.; v. t.: To separate by definition of terms or logical division of a subject with regard to difference; as to distinguish sounds into high and low.; v. t.: To recognize or discern by marks signs or characteristic quality or qualities; to know and discriminate (anything) from other things with which it might be confounded; as to distinguish the sound of a drum.; v. t.: To constitute a difference; to make to differ.; v. t.: To separate from others by a mark of honor; to make eminent or known; to confer distinction upon; -- with by or for.; v. i.: To make distinctions; to perceive the difference; to exercise discrimination; -- with between; as a judge distinguishes between cases apparently similar but differing in principle.; v. i.: To become distinguished or distinctive; to make one's self or itself discernible.
Found on page(s): [67]

cruelty; - cruelty;, Definition(s): n.: The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.; n.: A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Found on page(s): [47]

intention - intention, Definition(s): n.: A stretching or bending of the mind toward of the mind toward an object; closeness of application; fixedness of attention; earnestness.; n.: A determination to act in a certain way or to do a certain thing; purpose; design; as an intention to go to New York.; n.: The object toward which the thoughts are directed; end; aim.; n.: The state of being strained. See Intension.; n.: Any mental apprehension of an object.
Found on page(s): [21, 33, 44, 93]

pointed - pointed, Definition(s): a.: Sharp; having a sharp point; as a pointed rock.; a.: Characterized by sharpness directness or pithiness of expression; terse; epigrammatic; especially directed to a particular person or thing.
Found on page(s): [90]

disastrous - disastrous, Definition(s): a.: Full of unpropitious stellar influences; unpropitious; ill-boding.; a.: Attended with suffering or disaster; very unfortunate; calamitous; ill-fated; as a disastrous day; a disastrous termination of an undertaking.
Found on page(s): [70]

except - except, Definition(s): v. t.: To take or leave out (anything) from a number or a whole as not belonging to it; to exclude; to omit.; v. t.: To object to; to protest against.; v. i.: To take exception; to object; -- usually followed by to sometimes by against; as to except to a witness or his testimony.; prep.: With exclusion of; leaving or left out; excepting.; conj.: Unless; if it be not so that.
Found on page(s): [9, 11, 12, 22, 25, 30, 35, 46, 55, 57, 58, 60, 62, 70, 82, 100]

perhaps, - perhaps,, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Found on page(s): [56]

foreigner - foreigner, Definition(s): n.: A person belonging to or owning allegiance to a foreign country; one not native in the country or jurisdiction under consideration or not naturalized there; an alien; a stranger.
Found on page(s): [6, 32]

concur - concur, Definition(s): v. i.: To run together; to meet.; v. i.: To meet in the same point; to combine or conjoin; to contribute or help toward a common object or effect.; v. i.: To unite or agree (in action or opinion); to join; to act jointly; to agree; to coincide; to correspond.; v. i.: To assent; to consent.
Found on page(s): [76]

nevertheless - nevertheless, Definition(s): adv. / conj.: Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Found on page(s): [1, 5, 11, 13, 33, 51, 56, 62, 72, 75, 76, 78]

diligence, - diligence,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being diligent; carefulness; careful attention; -- the opposite of negligence.; n.: Interested and persevering application; devoted and painstaking effort to accomplish what is undertaken; assiduity in service.; n.: Process by which persons lands or effects are seized for debt; process for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or the production of writings.; n.: A four-wheeled public stagecoach used in France.
Found on page(s): [1]

cowardly, - cowardly,, Definition(s): a.: Wanting courage; basely or weakly timid or fearful; pusillanimous; spiritless.; a.: Proceeding from fear of danger or other consequences; befitting a coward; dastardly; base; as cowardly malignity.; adv.: In the manner of a coward.
Found on page(s): [45, 48]

"Fisherman - "Fisherman, Definition(s): n.: One whose occupation is to catch fish.; n.: A ship or vessel employed in the business of taking fish as in the cod fishery.
Found on page(s): [104]

upheld - upheld, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Uphold.
Found on page(s): [32]

unless - unless, Definition(s): conj.: Upon any less condition than (the fact or thing stated in the sentence or clause which follows); if not; supposing that not; if it be not; were it not that; except; as we shall fail unless we are industrious.
Found on page(s): [3, 13, 17, 26, 54, 62, 64, 67, 70, 71, 82, 100]

command. - command., Definition(s): v. t.: To order with authority; to lay injunction upon; to direct; to bid; to charge.; v. t.: To exercise direct authority over; to have control of; to have at one's disposal; to lead.; v. t.: To have within a sphere of control influence access or vision; to dominate by position; to guard; to overlook.; v. t.: To have power or influence of the nature of authority over; to obtain as if by ordering; to receive as a due; to challenge; to claim; as justice commands the respect and affections of the people; the best goods command the best price.; v. t.: To direct to come; to bestow.; v. i.: To have or to exercise direct authority; to govern; to sway; to influence; to give an order or orders.; v. i.: To have a view as from a superior position.; n.: An authoritative order requiring obedience; a mandate; an injunction.; n.: The possession or exercise of authority.; n.: Authority; power or right of control; leadership; as the forces under his command.; n.: Power to dominate command or overlook by means of position; scope of vision; survey.; n.: Control; power over something; sway; influence; as to have command over one's temper or voice; the fort has command of the bridge.; n.: A body of troops or any naval or military force or post or the whole territory under the authority or control of a particular officer.
Found on page(s): [35]

excess - excess, Definition(s): n.: The state of surpassing or going beyond limits; the being of a measure beyond sufficiency necessity or duty; that which exceeds what is usual or prover; immoderateness; superfluity; superabundance; extravagance; as an excess of provisions or of light.; n.: An undue indulgence of the appetite; transgression of proper moderation in natural gratifications; intemperance; dissipation.; n.: The degree or amount by which one thing or number exceeds another; remainder; as the difference between two numbers is the excess of one over the other.
Found on page(s): [6]

command, - command,, Definition(s): v. t.: To order with authority; to lay injunction upon; to direct; to bid; to charge.; v. t.: To exercise direct authority over; to have control of; to have at one's disposal; to lead.; v. t.: To have within a sphere of control influence access or vision; to dominate by position; to guard; to overlook.; v. t.: To have power or influence of the nature of authority over; to obtain as if by ordering; to receive as a due; to challenge; to claim; as justice commands the respect and affections of the people; the best goods command the best price.; v. t.: To direct to come; to bestow.; v. i.: To have or to exercise direct authority; to govern; to sway; to influence; to give an order or orders.; v. i.: To have a view as from a superior position.; n.: An authoritative order requiring obedience; a mandate; an injunction.; n.: The possession or exercise of authority.; n.: Authority; power or right of control; leadership; as the forces under his command.; n.: Power to dominate command or overlook by means of position; scope of vision; survey.; n.: Control; power over something; sway; influence; as to have command over one's temper or voice; the fort has command of the bridge.; n.: A body of troops or any naval or military force or post or the whole territory under the authority or control of a particular officer.
Found on page(s): [17, 29, 50]

usual, - usual,, Definition(s): n.: Such as is in common use; such as occurs in ordinary practice or in the ordinary course of events; customary; ordinary; habitual; common.
Found on page(s): [90]

ought - ought, Definition(s): n. & adv.: See Aught.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Was or were under obligation to pay; owed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Owned; possessed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be bound in duty or by moral obligation.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be necessary fit becoming or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed.; : of Owe.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 18, 22, 23, 25, 26, 28, 29, 31, 35, 42, 43, 44, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 54, 56, 57, 61, 63, 64, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 77, 79, 81, 86, 94, 95, 98, 104, 105]

CONDUCT - CONDUCT, Definition(s): n.: The act or method of conducting; guidance; management.; n.: Skillful guidance or management; generalship.; n.: Convoy; escort; guard; guide.; n.: That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument.; n.: The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior.; n.: Plot; action; construction; manner of development.; n.: To lead or guide; to escort; to attend.; n.: To lead as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as to conduct the affairs of a kingdom.; n.: To behave; -- with the reflexive; as he conducted himself well.; n.: To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit as heat light electricity etc.; n.: To direct as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.; v. i.: To act as a conductor (as of heat electricity etc.); to carry.; v. i.: To conduct one's self; to behave.
Found on page(s): [65]

rebellion - rebellion, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of rebelling; open and avowed renunciation of the authority of the government to which one owes obedience and resistance to its officers and laws either by levying war or by aiding others to do so; an organized uprising of subjects for the purpose of coercing or overthrowing their lawful ruler or government by force; revolt; insurrection.; v. i.: Open resistance to or defiance of lawful authority.
Found on page(s): [4, 13, 19, 80, 94]

invade - invade, Definition(s): v. t.: To go into or upon; to pass within the confines of; to enter; -- used of forcible or rude ingress.; v. t.: To enter with hostile intentions; to enter with a view to conquest or plunder; to make an irruption into; to attack; as the Romans invaded Great Britain.; v. t.: To attack; to infringe; to encroach on; to violate; as the king invaded the rights of the people.; v. t.: To grow or spread over; to affect injuriously and progressively; as gangrene invades healthy tissue.; v. i.: To make an invasion.
Found on page(s): [93]

everybody. - everybody., Definition(s): n.: Every person.
Found on page(s): [56]

weary - weary, Definition(s): superl.: Having the strength exhausted by toil or exertion; worn out in respect to strength endurance etc.; tired; fatigued.; superl.: Causing weariness; tiresome.; superl.: Having one's patience relish or contentment exhausted; tired; sick; -- with of before the cause; as weary of marching or of confinement; weary of study.; v. t.: To reduce or exhaust the physical strength or endurance of; to tire; to fatigue; as to weary one's self with labor or traveling.; v. t.: To make weary of anything; to exhaust the patience of as by continuance.; v. t.: To harass by anything irksome.; v. i.: To grow tired; to become exhausted or impatient; as to weary of an undertaking.
Found on page(s): [94]

everybody; - everybody;, Definition(s): n.: Every person.
Found on page(s): [53]

designing - designing, Definition(s): a.: Intriguing; artful; scheming; as a designing man.; n.: The act of making designs or sketches; the act of forming designs or plans.
Found on page(s): [14]

friendly, - friendly,, Definition(s): a.: Having the temper and disposition of a friend; disposed to promote the good of another; kind; favorable.; a.: Appropriate to or implying friendship; befitting friends; amicable.; a.: Not hostile; as a friendly power or state.; a.: Promoting the good of any person; favorable; propitious; serviceable; as a friendly breeze or gale.; adv.: In the manner of friends; amicably; like friends.
Found on page(s): [28, 58, 72]

overrun; - overrun;, Definition(s): v. t.: To run over; to grow or spread over in excess; to invade and occupy; to take possession of; as the vine overran its trellis; the farm is overrun with witch grass.; v. t.: To exceed in distance or speed of running; to go beyond or pass in running.; v. t.: To go beyond; to extend in part beyond; as one line overruns another in length.; v. t.: To abuse or oppress as if by treading upon.; v. t.: To carry over or back as type from one line or page into the next after or next before.; v. t.: To extend the contents of (a line column or page) into the next line column or page.; v. i.: To run pass spread or flow over or by something; to be beyond or in excess.; v. i.: To extend beyond its due or desired length; as a line or advertisement overruns.
Found on page(s): [76]

abandon - abandon, Definition(s): v. t.: To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.; v. t.: To give up absolutely; to forsake entirely ; to renounce utterly; to relinquish all connection with or concern on; to desert as a person to whom one owes allegiance or fidelity; to quit; to surrender.; v. t.: Reflexively: To give (one's self) up without attempt at self-control; to yield (one's self) unrestrainedly; -- often in a bad sense.; v. t.: To relinquish all claim to; -- used when an insured person gives up to underwriters all claim to the property covered by a policy which may remain after loss or damage by a peril insured against.; v.: Abandonment; relinquishment.; n.: A complete giving up to natural impulses; freedom from artificial constraint; careless freedom or ease.
Found on page(s): [45, 80]

afraid - afraid, Definition(s): p. a.: Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear; apprehensive.
Found on page(s): [8, 78, 107]

showed - showed, Definition(s): : of Show.
Found on page(s): [33, 34, 56, 86, 90]

Podesta, - Podesta,, Definition(s): n.: One of the chief magistrates of the Italian republics in the Middle Ages.; n.: A mayor alderman or other magistrate in some towns of Italy.
Found on page(s): [87]

disturbance, - disturbance,, Definition(s): n.: An interruption of a state of peace or quiet; derangement of the regular course of things; disquiet; disorder; as a disturbance of religious exercises; a disturbance of the galvanic current.; n.: Confusion of the mind; agitation of the feelings; perplexity; uneasiness.; n.: Violent agitation in the body politic; public commotion; tumult.; n.: The hindering or disquieting of a person in the lawful and peaceable enjoyment of his right; the interruption of a right; as the disturbance of a franchise of common of ways and the like.
Found on page(s): [33]

everybody, - everybody,, Definition(s): n.: Every person.
Found on page(s): [86]

intolerable - intolerable, Definition(s): a.: Not tolerable; not capable of being borne or endured; not proper or right to be allowed; insufferable; insupportable; unbearable; as intolerable pain; intolerable heat or cold; an intolerable burden.; a.: Enormous.
Found on page(s): [27]

adverse - adverse, Definition(s): a.: Acting against or in a contrary direction; opposed; contrary; opposite; conflicting; as adverse winds; an adverse party; a spirit adverse to distinctions of caste.; a.: Opposite.; a.: In hostile opposition to; unfavorable; unpropitious; contrary to one's wishes; unfortunate; calamitous; afflictive; hurtful; as adverse fates adverse circumstances things adverse.; v. t.: To oppose; to resist.
Found on page(s): [30]

circumvent - circumvent, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain advantage over by arts stratagem or deception; to decieve; to delude; to get around.
Found on page(s): [50]

reputation - reputation, Definition(s): v. t.: The estimation in which one is held; character in public opinion; the character attributed to a person thing or action; repute.; v. t.: The character imputed to a person in the community in which he lives. It is admissible in evidence when he puts his character in issue or when such reputation is otherwise part of the issue of a case.; v. t.: Specifically: Good reputation; favorable regard; public esteem; general credit; good name.; v. t.: Account; value.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 27, 40, 41, 45, 46, 47, 49, 53, 54, 60, 66, 79, 88, 91, 92]

dejected, - dejected,, Definition(s): a.: Cast down; afflicted; low-spirited; sad; as a dejected look or countenance.
Found on page(s): [84]

Republic, - Republic,, Definition(s): a.: Common weal.; a.: A state in which the sovereign power resides in the whole body of the people and is exercised by representatives elected by them; a commonwealth. Cf. Democracy 2.
Found on page(s): [24]

mainly - mainly, Definition(s): adv.: Very strongly; mightily; to a great degree.; adv.: Principally; chiefly.
Found on page(s): [28]

whenever - whenever, Definition(s): adv. & conj.: At whatever time.
Found on page(s): [3, 12, 16, 33, 69, 78]

leaves - leaves, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Leaf.
Found on page(s): [3, 73, 86]

inextricably - inextricably, Definition(s): adv.: In an inextricable manner.
Found on page(s): [97]

restrain - restrain, Definition(s): v. t.: To draw back again; to hold back from acting proceeding or advancing either by physical or moral force or by any interposing obstacle; to repress or suppress; to keep down; to curb.; v. t.: To draw back toghtly as a rein.; v. t.: To hinder from unlimited enjoiment; to abridge.; v. t.: To limit; to confine; to restrict.; v. t.: To withhold; to forbear.
Found on page(s): [32]

ruin - ruin, Definition(s): n.: The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.; n.: Such a change of anything as destroys it or entirely defeats its object or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes.; n.: That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay; as his mind is a ruin; especially in the plural the remains of a destroyed dilapidated or desolate house fortress city or the like.; n.: The state of being dcayed or of having become ruined or worthless; as to be in ruins; to go to ruin.; n.: That which promotes injury decay or destruction.; n.: To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow.; v. i.: To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
Found on page(s): [10, 13, 19, 28, 31, 32, 33, 34, 39, 44, 56, 57, 75, 90]

alone, - alone,, Definition(s): a.: Quite by one's self; apart from or exclusive of others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.; a.: Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only.; a.: Sole; only; exclusive.; a.: Hence; Unique; rare; matchless.; adv.: Solely; simply; exclusively.
Found on page(s): [27, 41, 55, 70, 75]

cause, - cause,, Definition(s): v.: That which produces or effects a result; that from which anything proceeds and without which it would not exist.; v.: That which is the occasion of an action or state; ground; reason; motive; as cause for rejoicing.; v.: Sake; interest; advantage.; v.: A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action.; v.: Any subject of discussion or debate; matter; question; affair in general.; v.: The side of a question which is espoused advocated and upheld by a person or party; a principle which is advocated; that which a person or party seeks to attain.; n.: To effect as an agent; to produce; to be the occasion of; to bring about; to bring into existence; to make; -- usually followed by an infinitive sometimes by that with a finite verb.; v. i.: To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.; conj.: Abbreviation of Because.
Found on page(s): [49, 96]

foreseen, - foreseen,, Definition(s): p. p.: Provided; in case that; on condition that.
Found on page(s): [7]

alone. - alone., Definition(s): a.: Quite by one's self; apart from or exclusive of others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.; a.: Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only.; a.: Sole; only; exclusive.; a.: Hence; Unique; rare; matchless.; adv.: Solely; simply; exclusively.
Found on page(s): [64]

admirable - admirable, Definition(s): a.: Fitted to excite wonder; wonderful; marvelous.; a.: Having qualities to excite wonder united with approbation; deserving the highest praise; most excellent; -- used of persons or things.
Found on page(s): [59, 66]

bodyguard; - bodyguard;, Definition(s): n.: A guard to protect or defend the person; a lifeguard.; n.: Retinue; attendance; following.
Found on page(s): [59]

finding - finding, Definition(s): n.: That which is found come upon or provided; esp. (pl.) that which a journeyman artisan finds or provides for himself; as tools trimmings etc.; n.: Support; maintenance; that which is provided for one; expence; provision.; n.: The result of a judicial examination or inquiry especially into some matter of fact; a verdict; as the finding of a jury.
Found on page(s): [4, 20, 27, 40, 90, 92]

Latin - Latin, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Latium or to the Latins a people of Latium; Roman; as the Latin language.; a.: Of pertaining to or composed in the language used by the Romans or Latins; as a Latin grammar; a Latin composition or idiom.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Latium; a Roman.; n.: The language of the ancient Romans.; n.: An exercise in schools consisting in turning English into Latin.; n.: A member of the Roman Catholic Church.; v. t.: To write or speak in Latin; to turn or render into Latin.
Found on page(s): [106]

campaign - campaign, Definition(s): n.: An open field; a large open plain without considerable hills. SeeChampaign.; n.: A connected series of military operations forming a distinct stage in a war; the time during which an army keeps the field.; n.: Political operations preceding an election; a canvass.; n.: The period during which a blast furnace is continuously in operation.; v. i.: To serve in a campaign.
Found on page(s): [38, 80]

conflict - conflict, Definition(s): v.: A striking or dashing together; violent collision; as a conflict of elements or waves.; v.: A strife for the mastery; hostile contest; battle; struggle; fighting.; v. i.: To strike or dash together; to meet in violent collision; to collide.; v. i.: To maintain a conflict; to contend; to engage in strife or opposition; to struggle.; v. i.: To be in opposition; to be contradictory.
Found on page(s): [101]

father - father, Definition(s): n.: One who has begotten a child whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.; n.: A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural fathers ancestors.; n.: One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance affetionate care counsel or protection.; n.: A respectful mode of address to an old man.; n.: A senator of ancient Rome.; n.: A dignitary of the church a superior of a convent a confessor (called also father confessor) or a priest; also the eldest member of a profession or of a legislative assembly etc.; n.: One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as the Latin Greek or apostolic Fathers.; n.: One who or that which gives origin; an originator; a producer author or contriver; the first to practice any art profession or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.; n.: The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology the first person in the Trinity.; v. t.: To make one's self the father of; to beget.; v. t.: To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement policy etc.).; v. t.: To provide with a father.
Found on page(s): [40, 42, 49, 60, 72, 91, 102, 103, 107]

vice, - vice,, Definition(s): n.: A defect; a fault; an error; a blemish; an imperfection; as the vices of a political constitution; the vices of a horse.; n.: A moral fault or failing; especially immoral conduct or habit as in the indulgence of degrading appetites; customary deviation in a single respect or in general from a right standard implying a defect of natural character or the result of training and habits; a harmful custom; immorality; depravity; wickedness; as a life of vice; the vice of intemperance.; n.: The buffoon of the old English moralities or moral dramas having the name sometimes of one vice sometimes of another or of Vice itself; -- called also Iniquity.; n.: A kind of instrument for holding work as in filing. Same as Vise.; n.: A tool for drawing lead into cames or flat grooved rods for casements.; n.: A gripe or grasp.; v. t.: To hold or squeeze with a vice or as if with a vice.; prep.: In the place of; in the stead; as A. B. was appointed postmaster vice C. D. resigned.; prep.: Denoting one who in certain cases may assume the office or duties of a superior; designating an officer or an office that is second in rank or authority; as vice president; vice agent; vice consul etc.
Found on page(s): [45]

rule - rule, Definition(s): a.: That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket.; a.: Uniform or established course of things.; a.: Systematic method or practice; as my ule is to rise at six o'clock.; a.: Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things; as it is a rule to which there are many exeptions.; a.: Conduct in general; behavior.; a.: The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control.; a.: An order regulating the practice of the courts or an order made between parties to an action or a suit.; a.: A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result; as a rule for extracting the cube root.; a.: A straight strip of wood metal or the like which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler.; a.: A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood ivory metal or the like which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch and jointed so that it may be folded compactly.; a.: A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type and used for printing lines as between columns on the same page or in tabular work.; a.: A composing rule. See under Conposing.; n.: To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage.; n.: To control or direct by influence counsel or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive.; n.: To establish or settle by or as by a rule; to fix by universal or general consent or by common practice.; n.: To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court.; n.: To mark with lines made with a pen pencil etc. guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result; as to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book.; v. i.: To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over.; v. i.: To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule.; v. i.: To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general or as a rule; as prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 10, 20, 24, 27, 29, 32, 52, 55, 63, 103]

detect - detect, Definition(s): a.: Detected.; v. t.: To uncover; to discover; to find out; to bring to light; as to detect a crime or a criminal; to detect a mistake in an account.; v. t.: To inform against; to accuse.
Found on page(s): [7]

degree, - degree,, Definition(s): n.: A step stair or staircase.; n.: One of a series of progressive steps upward or downward in quality rank acquirement and the like; a stage in progression; grade; gradation; as degrees of vice and virtue; to advance by slow degrees; degree of comparison.; n.: The point or step of progression to which a person has arrived; rank or station in life; position.; n.: Measure of advancement; quality; extent; as tastes differ in kind as well as in degree.; n.: Grade or rank to which scholars are admitted by a college or university in recognition of their attainments; as the degree of bachelor of arts master doctor etc.; n.: A certain distance or remove in the line of descent determining the proximity of blood; one remove in the chain of relationship; as a relation in the third or fourth degree.; n.: Three figures taken together in numeration; thus 140 is one degree 222140 two degrees.; n.: State as indicated by sum of exponents; more particularly the degree of a term is indicated by the sum of the exponents of its literal factors; thus a2b3c is a term of the sixth degree. The degree of a power or radical is denoted by its index that of an equation by the greatest sum of the exponents of the unknown quantities in any term; thus ax4 + bx2 = c and mx2y2 + nyx = p are both equations of the fourth degree.; n.: A 360th part of the circumference of a circle which part is taken as the principal unit of measure for arcs and angles. The degree is divided into 60 minutes and the minute into 60 seconds.; n.: A division space or interval marked on a mathematical or other instrument as on a thermometer.; n.: A line or space of the staff.
Found on page(s): [60]

fraud, - fraud,, Definition(s): n.: Deception deliberately practiced with a view to gaining an unlawful or unfair advantage; artifice by which the right or interest of another is injured; injurious stratagem; deceit; trick.; n.: An intentional perversion of truth for the purpose of obtaining some valuable thing or promise from another.; n.: A trap or snare.
Found on page(s): [22]

admirably - admirably, Definition(s): adv.: In an admirable manner.
Found on page(s): [68]

condemn - condemn, Definition(s): v. t.: To pronounce to be wrong; to disapprove of; to censure.; v. t.: To declare the guilt of; to make manifest the faults or unworthiness of; to convict of guilt.; v. t.: To pronounce a judicial sentence against; to sentence to punishment suffering or loss; to doom; -- with to before the penalty.; v. t.: To amerce or fine; -- with in before the penalty.; v. t.: To adjudge or pronounce to be unfit for use or service; to adjudge or pronounce to be forfeited; as the ship and her cargo were condemned.; v. t.: To doom to be taken for public use under the right of eminent domain.
Found on page(s): [49]

assistance - assistance, Definition(s): n.: The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support.; n.: An assistant or helper; a body of helpers.; n.: Persons present.
Found on page(s): [19, 27, 30, 39, 63, 65, 80, 81, 91, 92, 93]

commerce - commerce, Definition(s): n.: The exchange or buying and selling of commodities; esp. the exchange of merchandise on a large scale between different places or communities; extended trade or traffic.; n.: Social intercourse; the dealings of one person or class in society with another; familiarity.; n.: Sexual intercourse.; n.: A round game at cards in which the cards are subject to exchange barter or trade.; v. i.: To carry on trade; to traffic.; v. i.: To hold intercourse; to commune.
Found on page(s): [68]

Russia - Russia, Definition(s): n.: A country of Europe and Asia.
Found on page(s): [68]

frivolous, - frivolous,, Definition(s): a.: Of little weight or importance; not worth notice; slight; as a frivolous argument.; a.: Given to trifling; marked with unbecoming levity; silly; interested especially in trifling matters.
Found on page(s): [54]

wonder - wonder, Definition(s): n.: That emotion which is excited by novelty or the presentation to the sight or mind of something new unusual strange great extraordinary or not well understood; surprise; astonishment; admiration; amazement.; n.: A cause of wonder; that which excites surprise; a strange thing; a prodigy; a miracle.; v. i.: To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel.; v. i.: To feel doubt and curiosity; to wait with uncertain expectation; to query in the mind; as he wondered why they came.; a.: Wonderful.; adv.: Wonderfully.
Found on page(s): [11, 26, 105]

Concerning - Concerning, Definition(s): prep.: Pertaining to; regarding; having relation to; respecting; as regards.; a.: Important.; n.: That in which one is concerned or interested; concern; affair; interest.; n.: Importance; moment; consequence.; n.: Concern; participation; interposition.; n.: Emotion of mind; solicitude; anxiety.
Found on page(s): [18]

meanness - meanness, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being mean; want of excellence; poorness; lowness; baseness; sordidness; stinginess.; n.: A mean act; as to be guilty of meanness.
Found on page(s): [46, 47, 60]

frivolous; - frivolous;, Definition(s): a.: Of little weight or importance; not worth notice; slight; as a frivolous argument.; a.: Given to trifling; marked with unbecoming levity; silly; interested especially in trifling matters.
Found on page(s): [45]

inferior - inferior, Definition(s): a.: Lower in place rank excellence etc.; less important or valuable; subordinate; underneath; beneath.; a.: Poor or mediocre; as an inferior quality of goods.; a.: Nearer the sun than the earth is; as the inferior or interior planets; an inferior conjunction of Mercury or Venus.; a.: Below the horizon; as the inferior part of a meridian.; a.: Situated below some other organ; -- said of a calyx when free from the ovary and therefore below it or of an ovary with an adherent and therefore inferior calyx.; a.: On the side of a flower which is next the bract; anterior.; a.: Junior or subordinate in rank; as an inferior officer.; n.: A person lower in station rank intellect etc. than another.
Found on page(s): [15, 41, 107]

indifferently - indifferently, Definition(s): adv.: In an indifferent manner; without distinction or preference; impartially; without concern wish affection or aversion; tolerably; passably.
Found on page(s): [52]

hesitate; - hesitate;, Definition(s): v. i.: To stop or pause respecting decision or action; to be in suspense or uncertainty as to a determination; as he hesitated whether to accept the offer or not; men often hesitate in forming a judgment.; v. i.: To stammer; to falter in speaking.; v. t.: To utter with hesitation or to intimate by a reluctant manner.
Found on page(s): [31]

injurious, - injurious,, Definition(s): a.: Not just; wrongful; iniquitous; culpable.; a.: Causing injury or harm; hurtful; harmful; detrimental; mischievous; as acts injurious to health credit reputation property etc.
Found on page(s): [52]

refuge - refuge, Definition(s): n.: Shelter or protection from danger or distress.; n.: That which shelters or protects from danger or from distress or calamity; a stronghold which protects by its strength or a sanctuary which secures safety by its sacredness; a place inaccessible to an enemy.; n.: An expedient to secure protection or defense; a device or contrivance.; v. t.: To shelter; to protect.
Found on page(s): [64]

leadership), - leadership),, Definition(s): n.: The office of a leader.
Found on page(s): [36]

certainty - certainty, Definition(s): n.: The quality state or condition of being certain.; n.: A fact or truth unquestionable established.; n.: Clearness; freedom from ambiguity; lucidity.
Found on page(s): [90]

indeed - indeed, Definition(s): adv.: In reality; in truth; in fact; verily; truly; -- used in a variety of sense. Esp.: (a) Denoting emphasis; as indeed it is so. (b) Denoting concession or admission; as indeed you are right. (c) Denoting surprise; as indeed is it you? Its meaning is not intrinsic or fixed but depends largely on the form of expression which it accompanies.
Found on page(s): [48, 71]

(grandfather - (grandfather, Definition(s): n.: A father's or mother's father; an ancestor in the next degree above the father or mother in lineal ascent.
Found on page(s): [55]

imaginary - imaginary, Definition(s): a.: Existing only in imagination or fancy; not real; fancied; visionary; ideal.; n.: An imaginary expression or quantity.
Found on page(s): [44]

knife. - knife., Definition(s): n.: An instrument consisting of a thin blade usually of steel and having a sharp edge for cutting fastened to a handle but of many different forms and names for different uses; as table knife drawing knife putty knife pallet knife pocketknife penknife chopping knife etc..; n.: A sword or dagger.; v. t.: To prune with the knife.; v. t.: To cut or stab with a knife.
Found on page(s): [40]

benefactor; - benefactor;, Definition(s): n.: One who confers a benefit or benefits.
Found on page(s): [28]

employ - employ, Definition(s): v. t.: To inclose; to infold.; v. t.: To use; to have in service; to cause to be engaged in doing something; -- often followed by in about on or upon and sometimes by to; as: (a) To make use of as an instrument a means a material etc. for a specific purpose; to apply; as to employ the pen in writing bricks in building words and phrases in speaking; to employ the mind; to employ one's energies.; v. t.: To occupy; as to employ time in study.; v. t.: To have or keep at work; to give employment or occupation to; to intrust with some duty or behest; as to employ a hundred workmen; to employ an envoy.; n.: That which engages or occupies a person; fixed or regular service or business; employment.
Found on page(s): [38, 51]

binding - binding, Definition(s): a.: That binds; obligatory.; n.: The act or process of one who or that which binds.; n.: Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book or the cover with the sewing etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from raveling.; pl.: The transoms knees beams keelson and other chief timbers used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
Found on page(s): [28]

desirable - desirable, Definition(s): v. t.: Worthy of desire or longing; fitted to excite desire or a wish to possess; pleasing; agreeable.
Found on page(s): [43, 86]

fair - fair, Definition(s): superl.: Free from spots specks dirt or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure.; superl.: Pleasing to the eye; handsome; beautiful.; superl.: Without a dark hue; light; clear; as a fair skin.; superl.: Not overcast; cloudless; clear; pleasant; propitious; favorable; -- said of the sky weather or wind etc.; as a fair sky; a fair day.; superl.: Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unincumbered; open; direct; -- said of a road passage etc.; as a fair mark; in fair sight; a fair view.; superl.: Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; fowing; -- said of the figure of a vessel and of surfaces water lines and other lines.; superl.: Characterized by frankness honesty impartiality or candor; open; upright; free from suspicion or bias; equitable; just; -- said of persons character or conduct; as a fair man; fair dealing; a fair statement.; superl.: Pleasing; favorable; inspiring hope and confidence; -- said of words promises etc.; superl.: Distinct; legible; as fair handwriting.; superl.: Free from any marked characteristic; average; middling; as a fair specimen.; adv.: Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably.; n.: Fairness beauty.; n.: A fair woman; a sweetheart.; n.: Good fortune; good luck.; v. t.: To make fair or beautiful.; v. t.: To make smooth and flowing as a vessel's lines.; n.: A gathering of buyers and sellers assembled at a particular place with their merchandise at a stated or regular season or by special appointment for trade.; n.: A festival and sale of fancy articles. erc. usually for some charitable object; as a Grand Army fair.; n.: A competitive exhibition of wares farm products etc. not primarily for purposes of sale; as the Mechanics' fair; an agricultural fair.
Found on page(s): [27]

intolerable. - intolerable., Definition(s): a.: Not tolerable; not capable of being borne or endured; not proper or right to be allowed; insufferable; insupportable; unbearable; as intolerable pain; intolerable heat or cold; an intolerable burden.; a.: Enormous.
Found on page(s): [48]

balcony - balcony, Definition(s): n.: A platform projecting from the wall of a building usually resting on brackets or consoles and inclosed by a parapet; as a balcony in front of a window. Also a projecting gallery in places of amusement; as the balcony in a theater.; n.: A projecting gallery once common at the stern of large ships.
Found on page(s): [87]

damage; - damage;, Definition(s): n.: Injury or harm to person property or reputation; an inflicted loss of value; detriment; hurt; mischief.; n.: The estimated reparation in money for detriment or injury sustained; a compensation recompense or satisfaction to one party for a wrong or injury actually done to him by another.; n.: To ocassion damage to the soudness goodness or value of; to hurt; to injure; to impair.; v. i.: To receive damage or harm; to be injured or impaired in soudness or value; as. some colors in /oth damage in sunlight.
Found on page(s): [35]

shown, - shown,, Definition(s): : p. p. of Show.
Found on page(s): [78]

enable - enable, Definition(s): v. t.: To give strength or ability to; to make firm and strong.; v. t.: To make able (to do or to be something); to confer sufficient power upon; to furnish with means opportunities and the like; to render competent for; to empower; to endow.
Found on page(s): [46, 61, 69, 72]

slavery - slavery, Definition(s): n.: The condition of a slave; the state of entire subjection of one person to the will of another.; n.: A condition of subjection or submission characterized by lack of freedom of action or of will.; n.: The holding of slaves.
Found on page(s): [25, 38]

defensive - defensive, Definition(s): a.: Serving to defend or protect; proper for defense; opposed to offensive; as defensive armor.; a.: Carried on by resisting attack or aggression; -- opposed to offensive; as defensive war.; a.: In a state or posture of defense.; n.: That which defends; a safeguard.
Found on page(s): [101]

locality, - locality,, Definition(s): n.: The state or condition of belonging to a definite place or of being contained within definite limits.; n.: Position; situation; a place; a spot; esp. a geographical place or situation as of a mineral or plant.; n.: Limitation to a county district or place; as locality of trial.; n.: The perceptive faculty concerned with the ability to remember the relative positions of places.
Found on page(s): [43]

dependent - dependent, Definition(s): a.: Hanging down; as a dependent bough or leaf.; a.: Relying on or subject to something else for support; not able to exist or sustain itself or to perform anything without the will power or aid of something else; not self-sustaining; contingent or conditioned; subordinate; -- often with on or upon; as dependent on God; dependent upon friends.; n.: One who depends; one who is sustained by another or who relies on another for support of favor; a hanger-on; a retainer; as a numerous train of dependents.; n.: That which depends; corollary; consequence.
Found on page(s): [42]

profession - profession, Definition(s): v.: The act of professing or claiming; open declaration; public avowal or acknowledgment; as professions of friendship; a profession of faith.; v.: That which one professed; a declaration; an avowal; a claim; as his professions are insincere.; v.: That of which one professed knowledge; the occupation if not mechanical agricultural or the like to which one devotes one's self; the business which one professes to understand and to follow for subsistence; calling; vocation; employment; as the profession of arms; the profession of a clergyman lawyer or physician; the profession of lecturer on chemistry.; v.: The collective body of persons engaged in a calling; as the profession distrust him.; v.: The act of entering or becoming a member of a religious order.
Found on page(s): [87]

briefly - briefly, Definition(s): adv.: Concisely; in few words.
Found on page(s): [53, 58]

arise - arise, Definition(s): v. i.: To come up from a lower to a higher position; to come above the horizon; to come up from one's bed or place of repose; to mount; to ascend; to rise; as to arise from a kneeling posture; a cloud arose; the sun ariseth; he arose early in the morning.; v. i.: To spring up; to come into action being or notice; to become operative sensible or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself; as the waves of the sea arose; a persecution arose; the wrath of the king shall arise.; v. i.: To proceed; to issue; to spring.; n.: Rising.
Found on page(s): [3, 7, 32, 33, 63]

cherish - cherish, Definition(s): v. t.: To treat with tenderness and affection; to nurture with care; to protect and aid.; v. t.: To hold dear; to embrace with interest; to indulge; to encourage; to foster; to promote; as to cherish religious principle.
Found on page(s): [56]

swelling - swelling, Definition(s): n.: The act of that which swells; as the swelling of rivers in spring; the swelling of the breast with pride.; n.: an unnatural prominence or protuberance; as a scrofulous swelling.
Found on page(s): [1]

agree - agree, Definition(s): adv.: In good part; kindly.; v. i.: To harmonize in opinion statement or action; to be in unison or concord; to be or become united or consistent; to concur; as all parties agree in the expediency of the law.; v. i.: To yield assent; to accede; -- followed by to; as to agree to an offer or to opinion.; v. i.: To make a stipulation by way of settling differences or determining a price; to exchange promises; to come to terms or to a common resolve; to promise.; v. i.: To be conformable; to resemble; to coincide; to correspond; as the picture does not agree with the original; the two scales agree exactly.; v. i.: To suit or be adapted in its effects; to do well; as the same food does not agree with every constitution.; v. i.: To correspond in gender number case or person.; v. t.: To make harmonious; to reconcile or make friends.; v. t.: To admit or come to one mind concerning; to settle; to arrange; as to agree the fact; to agree differences.
Found on page(s): [7, 14]

imagination - imagination, Definition(s): n.: The imagine-making power of the mind; the power to create or reproduce ideally an object of sense previously perceived; the power to call up mental imagines.; n.: The representative power; the power to reconstruct or recombine the materials furnished by direct apprehension; the complex faculty usually termed the plastic or creative power; the fancy.; n.: The power to recombine the materials furnished by experience or memory for the accomplishment of an elevated purpose; the power of conceiving and expressing the ideal.; n.: A mental image formed by the action of the imagination as a faculty; a conception; a notion.
Found on page(s): [44]

eminent - eminent, Definition(s): a.: High; lofty; towering; prominent.; a.: Being metaphorically above others whether by birth high station merit or virtue; high in public estimation; distinguished; conspicuous; as an eminent station; an eminent historian statements statesman or saint.
Found on page(s): [59]

resistance - resistance, Definition(s): n.: The act of resisting; opposition passive or active.; n.: The quality of not yielding to force or external pressure; that power of a body which acts in opposition to the impulse or pressure of another or which prevents the effect of another power; as the resistance of the air to a body passing through it; the resistance of a target to projectiles.; n.: A means or method of resisting; that which resists.; n.: A certain hindrance or opposition to the passage of an electrical current or discharge offered by conducting bodies. It bears an inverse relation to the conductivity -- good conductors having a small resistance while poor conductors or insulators have a very high resistance. The unit of resistance is the ohm.
Found on page(s): [74]

fail - fail, Definition(s): v. i.: To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as streams fail; crops fail.; v. i.: To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of.; v. i.: To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.; v. i.: To deteriorate in respect to vigor activity resources etc.; to become weaker; as a sick man fails.; v. i.: To perish; to die; -- used of a person.; v. i.: To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed a result to be secured etc.; to miss; not to fulfill expectation.; v. i.: To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated.; v. i.: To err in judgment; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.; v. t.: To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert.; v. t.: To miss of attaining; to lose.; v. i.: Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing except in the phrase without fail.; v. i.: Death; decease.
Found on page(s): [20, 25, 28, 29, 31, 39, 64, 81]

itself - itself, Definition(s): pron.: The neuter reciprocal pronoun of It; as the thing is good in itself; it stands by itself.
Found on page(s): [52, 62, 69, 96]

emperor - emperor, Definition(s): n.: The sovereign or supreme monarch of an empire; -- a title of dignity superior to that of king; as the emperor of Germany or of Austria; the emperor or Czar of Russia.
Found on page(s): [30, 57, 58, 59, 70, 95, 96]

inhuman - inhuman, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of the kindness and tenderness that belong to a human being; cruel; barbarous; savage; unfeeling; as an inhuman person or people.; a.: Characterized by or attended with cruelty; as an inhuman act or punishment.
Found on page(s): [49]

pre-eminence, - pre-eminence,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being preeminent; superiority in prominence or in excellence; distinction above others in quality rank etc.; rarely in a bad sense superiority or notoriety in evil; as preeminence in honor.
Found on page(s): [24]

narrowness - narrowness, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being narrow.
Found on page(s): [98]

ADVANTAGEOUS - ADVANTAGEOUS, Definition(s): a.: Being of advantage; conferring advantage; gainful; profitable; useful; beneficial; as an advantageous position; trade is advantageous to a nation.
Found on page(s): [62]

steep - steep, Definition(s): a.: Bright; glittering; fiery.; v. t.: To soak in a liquid; to macerate; to extract the essence of by soaking; as to soften seed by steeping it in water. Often used figuratively.; v. i.: To undergo the process of soaking in a liquid; as the tea is steeping.; n.: Something steeped or used in steeping; a fertilizing liquid to hasten the germination of seeds.; n.: A rennet bag.; v. t.: Making a large angle with the plane of the horizon; ascending or descending rapidly with respect to a horizontal line or a level; precipitous; as a steep hill or mountain; a steep roof; a steep ascent; a steep declivity; a steep barometric gradient.; v. t.: Difficult of access; not easy reached; lofty; elevated; high.; v. t.: Excessive; as a steep price.; n.: A precipitous place hill mountain rock or ascent; any elevated object sloping with a large angle to the plane of the horizon; a precipice.
Found on page(s): [101]

seize - seize, Definition(s): v. t.: To fall or rush upon suddenly and lay hold of; to gripe or grasp suddenly; to reach and grasp.; v. t.: To take possession of by force.; v. t.: To invade suddenly; to take sudden hold of; to come upon suddenly; as a fever seizes a patient.; v. t.: To take possession of by virtue of a warrant or other legal authority; as the sheriff seized the debtor's goods.; v. t.: To fasten; to fix.; v. t.: To grap with the mind; to comprehend fully and distinctly; as to seize an idea.; v. t.: To bind or fasten together with a lashing of small stuff as yarn or marline; as to seize ropes.
Found on page(s): [19, 24, 25, 32, 34, 64, 80, 99]

reward, - reward,, Definition(s): v. t.: To give in return whether good or evil; -- commonly in a good sense; to requite; to recompense; to repay; to compensate.; n.: Regard; respect; consideration.; n.: That which is given in return for good or evil done or received; esp. that which is offered or given in return for some service or attainment as for excellence in studies for the return of something lost etc.; recompense; requital.; n.: Hence the fruit of one's labor or works.; n.: Compensation or remuneration for services; a sum of money paid or taken for doing or forbearing to do some act.
Found on page(s): [62]

foreign - foreign, Definition(s): a.: Outside; extraneous; separated; alien; as a foreign country; a foreign government.; a.: Not native or belonging to a certain country; born in or belonging to another country nation sovereignty or locality; as a foreign language; foreign fruits.; a.: Remote; distant; strange; not belonging; not connected; not pertaining or pertient; not appropriate; not harmonious; not agreeable; not congenial; -- with to or from; as foreign to the purpose; foreign to one's nature.; a.: Held at a distance; excluded; exiled.
Found on page(s): [7, 9, 35, 49, 79]

papal - papal, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the pope of Rome; proceeding from the pope; ordered or pronounced by the pope; as papal jurisdiction; a papal edict; the papal benediction.; a.: Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic Church.
Found on page(s): [52]

fall - fall, Definition(s): v. t.: To Descend either suddenly or gradually; particularly to descend by the force of gravity; to drop; to sink; as the apple falls; the tide falls; the mercury falls in the barometer.; v. t.: To cease to be erect; to take suddenly a recumbent posture; to become prostrate; to drop; as a child totters and falls; a tree falls; a worshiper falls on his knees.; v. t.: To find a final outlet; to discharge its waters; to empty; -- with into; as the river Rhone falls into the Mediterranean.; v. t.: To become prostrate and dead; to die; especially to die by violence as in battle.; v. t.: To cease to be active or strong; to die away; to lose strength; to subside; to become less intense; as the wind falls.; v. t.: To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; -- said of the young of certain animals.; v. t.: To decline in power glory wealth or importance; to become insignificant; to lose rank or position; to decline in weight value price etc.; to become less; as the falls; stocks fell two points.; v. t.: To be overthrown or captured; to be destroyed.; v. t.: To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice error or sin; to depart from the faith; to apostatize; to sin.; v. t.: To become insnared or embarrassed; to be entrapped; to be worse off than before; asm to fall into error; to fall into difficulties.; v. t.: To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; -- said of the countenance.; v. t.: To sink; to languish; to become feeble or faint; as our spirits rise and fall with our fortunes.; v. t.: To pass somewhat suddenly and passively into a new state of body or mind; to become; as to fall asleep; to fall into a passion; to fall in love; to fall into temptation.; v. t.: To happen; to to come to pass; to light; to befall; to issue; to terminate.; v. t.: To come; to occur; to arrive.; v. t.: To begin with haste ardor or vehemence; to rush or hurry; as they fell to blows.; v. t.: To pass or be transferred by chance lot distribution inheritance or otherwise; as the estate fell to his brother; the kingdom fell into the hands of his rivals.; v. t.: To belong or appertain.; v. t.: To be dropped or uttered carelessly; as an unguarded expression fell from his lips; not a murmur fell from him.; v. t.: To let fall; to drop.; v. t.: To sink; to depress; as to fall the voice.; v. t.: To diminish; to lessen or lower.; v. t.: To bring forth; as to fall lambs.; v. t.: To fell; to cut down; as to fall a tree.; n.: The act of falling; a dropping or descending be the force of gravity; descent; as a fall from a horse or from the yard of ship.; n.: The act of dropping or tumbling from an erect posture; as he was walking on ice and had a fall.; n.: Death; destruction; overthrow; ruin.; n.: Downfall; degradation; loss of greatness or office; termination of greatness power or dominion; ruin; overthrow; as the fall of the Roman empire.; n.: The surrender of a besieged fortress or town ; as the fall of Sebastopol.; n.: Diminution or decrease in price or value; depreciation; as the fall of prices; the fall of rents.; n.: A sinking of tone; cadence; as the fall of the voice at the close of a sentence.; n.: Declivity; the descent of land or a hill; a slope.; n.: Descent of water; a cascade; a cataract; a rush of water down a precipice or steep; -- usually in the plural sometimes in the singular; as the falls of Niagara.; n.: The discharge of a river or current of water into the ocean or into a lake or pond; as the fall of the Po into the Gulf of Venice.; n.: Extent of descent; the distance which anything falls; as the water of a stream has a fall of five feet.; n.: The season when leaves fall from trees; autumn.; n.: That which falls; a falling; as a fall of rain; a heavy fall of snow.; n.: The act of felling or cutting down.; n.: Lapse or declension from innocence or goodness. Specifically: The first apostasy; the act of our first parents in eating the forbidden fruit; also the apostasy of the rebellious angels.; n.: Formerly a kind of ruff or band for the neck; a falling band; a faule.; n.: That part (as one of the ropes) of a tackle to which the power is applied in hoisting.
Found on page(s): [40, 66, 73, 75, 97, 98]

landing. - landing., Definition(s): a.: Of pertaining to or used for setting bringing or going on shore.; n.: A going or bringing on shore.; n.: A place for landing as from a ship a carriage. etc.; n.: The level part of a staircase at the top of a flight of stairs or connecting one flight with another.
Found on page(s): [100]

moreover - moreover, Definition(s): adv.: Beyond what has been said; further; besides; in addition; furthermore; also; likewise.
Found on page(s): [7, 31, 82]

Huguenot - Huguenot, Definition(s): n.: A French Protestant of the period of the religious wars in France in the 16th century.
Found on page(s): [52]

boldly - boldly, Definition(s): adv.: In a bold manner.
Found on page(s): [24, 96]

pictured - pictured, Definition(s): a.: Furnished with pictures; represented by a picture or pictures; as a pictured scene.
Found on page(s): [44]

boundless - boundless, Definition(s): a.: Without bounds or confines; illimitable; vast; unlimited.
Found on page(s): [49]

shown; - shown;, Definition(s): : p. p. of Show.
Found on page(s): [62]

multitude - multitude, Definition(s): n.: A great number of persons collected together; a numerous collection of persons; a crowd; an assembly.; n.: A great number of persons or things regarded collectively; as the book will be read by a multitude of people; the multitude of stars; a multitude of cares.; n.: The state of being many; numerousness.
Found on page(s): [16, 49]

spat - spat, Definition(s): : imp. of Spit.; n.: A young oyster or other bivalve mollusk both before and after it first becomes adherent or such young collectively.; v. i. & t.: To emit spawn; to emit as spawn.; n.: A light blow with something flat.; n.: Hence a petty combat esp. a verbal one; a little quarrel dispute or dissension.; v. i.: To dispute.; v. t.: To slap as with the open hand; to clap together; as the hands.; : of Spit.
Found on page(s): [104, 105]

siege - siege, Definition(s): n.: A seat; especially a royal seat; a throne.; n.: Hence place or situation; seat.; n.: Rank; grade; station; estimation.; n.: Passage of excrements; stool; fecal matter.; n.: The sitting of an army around or before a fortified place for the purpose of compelling the garrison to surrender; the surrounding or investing of a place by an army and approaching it by passages and advanced works which cover the besiegers from the enemy's fire. See the Note under Blockade.; n.: Hence a continued attempt to gain possession.; n.: The floor of a glass-furnace.; n.: A workman's bench.; v. t.: To besiege; to beset.
Found on page(s): [24, 31, 89]

gratify - gratify, Definition(s): v. t.: To please; to give pleasure to; to satisfy; to soothe; to indulge; as to gratify the taste the appetite the senses the desires the mind etc.; v. t.: To requite; to recompense.
Found on page(s): [58]

appearance - appearance, Definition(s): n.: The act of appearing or coming into sight; the act of becoming visible to the eye; as his sudden appearance surprised me.; n.: A thing seed; a phenomenon; a phase; an apparition; as an appearance in the sky.; n.: Personal presence; exhibition of the person; look; aspect; mien.; n.: Semblance or apparent likeness; external show. pl. Outward signs or circumstances fitted to make a particular impression or to determine the judgment as to the character of a person or a thing an act or a state; as appearances are against him.; n.: The act of appearing in a particular place or in society a company or any proceedings; a coming before the public in a particular character; as a person makes his appearance as an historian an artist or an orator.; n.: Probability; likelihood.; n.: The coming into court of either of the parties; the being present in court; the coming into court of a party summoned in an action either by himself or by his attorney expressed by a formal entry by the proper officer to that effect; the act or proceeding by which a party proceeded against places himself before the court and submits to its jurisdiction.
Found on page(s): [90]

youth, - youth,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being young; youthfulness; juvenility.; n.: The part of life that succeeds to childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life from childhood or sometimes from infancy to manhood.; n.: A young person; especially a young man.; n.: Young persons collectively.
Found on page(s): [88, 94]

"fidelity" - "fidelity", Definition(s): n.: Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty or discharge of obligations.; n.: Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.; n.: Adherence to the marriage contract.; n.: Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Found on page(s): [52]

cannot - cannot, Definition(s): : Am is or are not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 9, 11, 13, 14, 15, 17, 22, 24, 27, 28, 29, 30, 32, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 43, 48, 51, 52, 55, 57, 59, 61, 62, 63, 67, 69, 70, 72, 73, 75, 77, 78, 99]

glory; - glory;, Definition(s): n.: Praise honor admiration or distinction accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; honorable fame; renown.; n.: That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honor; that which brings or gives renown; an object of pride or boast; the occasion of praise; excellency; brilliancy; splendor.; n.: Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.; n.: The presence of the Divine Being; the manifestations of the divine nature and favor to the blessed in heaven; celestial honor; heaven.; n.: An emanation of light supposed to proceed from beings of peculiar sanctity. It is represented in art by rays of gold or the like proceeding from the head or body or by a disk or a mere line.; n.: To exult with joy; to rejoice.; n.: To boast; to be proud.
Found on page(s): [17]

MIXED - MIXED, Definition(s): a.: Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [3, 38]

perfect - perfect, Definition(s): a.: Brought to consummation or completeness; completed; not defective nor redundant; having all the properties or qualities requisite to its nature and kind; without flaw fault or blemish; without error; mature; whole; pure; sound; right; correct.; a.: Well informed; certain; sure.; a.: Hermaphrodite; having both stamens and pistils; -- said of flower.; n.: The perfect tense or a form in that tense.; a.: To make perfect; to finish or complete so as to leave nothing wanting; to give to anything all that is requisite to its nature and kind.
Found on page(s): [81]

clearly - clearly, Definition(s): adv.: In a clear manner.
Found on page(s): [53]

door, - door,, Definition(s): n.: An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment by which to go in and out; an entrance way.; n.: The frame or barrier of boards or other material usually turning on hinges by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.; n.: Passage; means of approach or access.; n.: An entrance way but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Found on page(s): [107]

minority - minority, Definition(s): a. & n.: The state of being a minor or under age.; a. & n.: State of being less or small.; a. & n.: The smaller number; -- opposed to majority; as the minority must be ruled by the majority.
Found on page(s): [5]

descending - descending, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to descent; moving downwards.
Found on page(s): [60]

conspiracy - conspiracy, Definition(s): n.: A combination of men for an evil purpose; an agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime in concert as treason; a plot.; n.: A concurence or general tendency as of circumstances to one event as if by agreement.; n.: An agreement manifesting itself in words or deeds by which two or more persons confederate to do an unlawful act or to use unlawful to do an act which is lawful; confederacy.
Found on page(s): [98, 99]

chamber - chamber, Definition(s): n.: A retired room esp. an upper room used for sleeping; a bedroom; as the house had four chambers.; n.: Apartments in a lodging house.; n.: A hall as where a king gives audience or a deliberative body or assembly meets; as presence chamber; senate chamber.; n.: A legislative or judicial body; an assembly; a society or association; as the Chamber of Deputies; the Chamber of Commerce.; n.: A compartment or cell; an inclosed space or cavity; as the chamber of a canal lock; the chamber of a furnace; the chamber of the eye.; n.: A room or rooms where a lawyer transacts business; a room or rooms where a judge transacts such official business as may be done out of court.; n.: A chamber pot.; n.: That part of the bore of a piece of ordnance which holds the charge esp. when of different diameter from the rest of the bore; -- formerly in guns made smaller than the bore but now larger esp. in breech-loading guns.; n.: A cavity in a mine usually of a cubical form to contain the powder.; n.: A short piece of ordnance or cannon which stood on its breech without any carriage formerly used chiefly for rejoicings and theatrical cannonades.; v. i.: To reside in or occupy a chamber or chambers.; v. i.: To be lascivious.; v. t.: To shut up as in a chamber.; v. t.: To furnish with a chamber; as to chamber a gun.
Found on page(s): [105]

arrange - arrange, Definition(s): v. t.: To put in proper order; to dispose (persons or parts) in the manner intended or best suited for the purpose; as troops arranged for battle.; v. t.: To adjust or settle; to prepare; to determine; as to arrange the preliminaries of an undertaking.
Found on page(s): [25]

Spanish - Spanish, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Spain or the Spaniards.; n.: The language of Spain.
Found on page(s): [78]

depart - depart, Definition(s): v. i.: To part; to divide; to separate.; v. i.: To go forth or away; to quit leave or separate as from a place or a person; to withdraw; -- opposed to arrive; -- often with from before the place person or thing left and for or to before the destination.; v. i.: To forsake; to abandon; to desist or deviate (from); not to adhere to; -- with from; as we can not depart from our rules; to depart from a title or defense in legal pleading.; v. i.: To pass away; to perish.; v. i.: To quit this world; to die.; v. t.: To part thoroughly; to dispart; to divide; to separate.; v. t.: To divide in order to share; to apportion.; v. t.: To leave; to depart from.; n.: Division; separation as of compound substances into their ingredients.; n.: A going away; departure; hence death.
Found on page(s): [44]

altogether; - altogether;, Definition(s): adv.: All together; conjointly.; adv.: Without exception; wholly; completely.
Found on page(s): [41]

ill - ill, Definition(s): a.: Contrary to good in a physical sense; contrary or opposed to advantage happiness etc.; bad; evil; unfortunate; disagreeable; unfavorable.; a.: Contrary to good in a moral sense; evil; wicked; wrong; iniquitious; naughtly; bad; improper.; a.: Sick; indisposed; unwell; diseased; disordered; as ill of a fever.; a.: Not according with rule fitness or propriety; incorrect; rude; unpolished; inelegant.; n.: Whatever annoys or impairs happiness or prevents success; evil of any kind; misfortune; calamity; disease; pain; as the ills of humanity.; n.: Whatever is contrary to good in a moral sense; wickedness; depravity; iniquity; wrong; evil.; adv.: In a ill manner; badly; weakly.
Found on page(s): [105]

capital, - capital,, Definition(s): n.: Of or pertaining to the head.; n.: Having reference to or involving the forfeiture of the head or life; affecting life; punishable with death; as capital trials; capital punishment.; n.: First in importance; chief; principal.; n.: Chief in a political sense as being the seat of the general government of a state or nation; as Washington and Paris are capital cities.; n.: Of first rate quality; excellent; as a capital speech or song.; n.: The head or uppermost member of a column pilaster etc. It consists generally of three parts abacus bell (or vase) and necking. See these terms and Column.; n.: The seat of government; the chief city or town in a country; a metropolis.; n.: Money property or stock employed in trade manufactures etc.; the sum invested or lent as distinguished from the income or interest. See Capital stock under Capital a.; a.: That portion of the produce of industry which may be directly employed either to support human beings or to assist in production.; a.: Anything which can be used to increase one's power or influence.; a.: An imaginary line dividing a bastion ravelin or other work into two equal parts.; a.: A chapter or section of a book.; a.: See Capital letter under Capital a.
Found on page(s): [68]

sister, - sister,, Definition(s): n.: A female who has the same parents with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother.; n.: A woman who is closely allied to or assocciated with another person as in the sdame faith society order or community.; n.: One of the same kind or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as sister fruits.; v. t.: To be sister to; to resemble closely.
Found on page(s): [86]

permission. - permission., Definition(s): n.: The act of permitting or allowing; formal consent; authorization; leave; license or liberty granted.
Found on page(s): [82]

sister. - sister., Definition(s): n.: A female who has the same parents with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother.; n.: A woman who is closely allied to or assocciated with another person as in the sdame faith society order or community.; n.: One of the same kind or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as sister fruits.; v. t.: To be sister to; to resemble closely.
Found on page(s): [87]

unarmed; - unarmed;, Definition(s): a.: Not armed or armored; having no arms or weapons.; a.: Having no hard and sharp projections as spines prickles spurs claws etc.
Found on page(s): [42]

arbiter - arbiter, Definition(s): n.: A person appointed or chosen by parties to determine a controversy between them.; n.: Any person who has the power of judging and determining or ordaining without control; one whose power of deciding and governing is not limited.; v. t.: To act as arbiter between.
Found on page(s): [9, 73]

glory, - glory,, Definition(s): n.: Praise honor admiration or distinction accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; honorable fame; renown.; n.: That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honor; that which brings or gives renown; an object of pride or boast; the occasion of praise; excellency; brilliancy; splendor.; n.: Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.; n.: The presence of the Divine Being; the manifestations of the divine nature and favor to the blessed in heaven; celestial honor; heaven.; n.: An emanation of light supposed to proceed from beings of peculiar sanctity. It is represented in art by rays of gold or the like proceeding from the head or body or by a disk or a mere line.; n.: To exult with joy; to rejoice.; n.: To boast; to be proud.
Found on page(s): [44, 65, 103, 104]

fortress - fortress, Definition(s): n.: A fortified place; a large and permanent fortification sometimes including a town; a fort; a castle; a stronghold; a place of defense or security.; v. t.: To furnish with a fortress or with fortresses; to guard; to fortify.
Found on page(s): [64, 80, 82, 94]

glory. - glory., Definition(s): n.: Praise honor admiration or distinction accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; honorable fame; renown.; n.: That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honor; that which brings or gives renown; an object of pride or boast; the occasion of praise; excellency; brilliancy; splendor.; n.: Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.; n.: The presence of the Divine Being; the manifestations of the divine nature and favor to the blessed in heaven; celestial honor; heaven.; n.: An emanation of light supposed to proceed from beings of peculiar sanctity. It is represented in art by rays of gold or the like proceeding from the head or body or by a disk or a mere line.; n.: To exult with joy; to rejoice.; n.: To boast; to be proud.
Found on page(s): [24, 50, 101]

covered - covered, Definition(s): a.: Under cover; screened; sheltered; not exposed; hidden.
Found on page(s): [101]

dignified - dignified, Definition(s): a.: Marked with dignity; stately; as a dignified judge.
Found on page(s): [77]

fame - fame, Definition(s): n.: Public report or rumor.; n.: Report or opinion generally diffused; renown; public estimation; celebrity either favorable or unfavorable; as the fame of Washington.; v. t.: To report widely or honorably.; v. t.: To make famous or renowned.
Found on page(s): [42, 50, 65, 88, 105]

unarmed, - unarmed,, Definition(s): a.: Not armed or armored; having no arms or weapons.; a.: Having no hard and sharp projections as spines prickles spurs claws etc.
Found on page(s): [42, 62]

MEANNESS - MEANNESS, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being mean; want of excellence; poorness; lowness; baseness; sordidness; stinginess.; n.: A mean act; as to be guilty of meanness.
Found on page(s): [45]

trite - trite, Definition(s): a.: Worn out; common; used until so common as to have lost novelty and interest; hackneyed; stale; as a trite remark; a trite subject.
Found on page(s): [29]

arrival - arrival, Definition(s): n.: The act of arriving or coming; the act of reaching a place from a distance whether by water (as in its original sense) or by land.; n.: The attainment or reaching of any object by effort or in natural course; as our arrival at this conclusion was wholly unexpected.; n.: The person or thing arriving or which has arrived; as news brought by the last arrival.; n.: An approach.
Found on page(s): [31, 58]

advice - advice, Definition(s): n.: An opinion recommended or offered as worthy to be followed; counsel.; n.: Deliberate consideration; knowledge.; n.: Information or notice given; intelligence; as late advices from France; -- commonly in the plural.; n.: Counseling to perform a specific illegal act.
Found on page(s): [71]

frequent - frequent, Definition(s): n.: Often to be met with; happening at short intervals; often repeated or occurring; as frequent visits.; n.: Addicted to any course of conduct; inclined to indulge in any practice; habitual; persistent.; n.: Full; crowded; thronged.; n.: Often or commonly reported.; a.: To visit often; to resort to often or habitually.; a.: To make full; to fill.
Found on page(s): [12]

according - according, Definition(s): p. a.: Agreeing; in agreement or harmony; harmonious.; adv.: Accordingly; correspondingly.
Found on page(s): [12, 19, 28, 44, 50, 51, 64, 69, 74, 89]

mother, - mother,, Definition(s): n.: A female parent; especially one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child.; n.: That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix.; n.: An old woman or matron.; n.: The female superior or head of a religious house as an abbess etc.; n.: Hysterical passion; hysteria.; a.: Received by birth or from ancestors; native natural; as mother language; also acting the part or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating.; v. t.: To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to.; n.: A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids such as vinegar wine etc. and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid thus leading to their oxidation.; v. i.: To become like or full of mother or thick matter as vinegar.
Found on page(s): [58]

mother. - mother., Definition(s): n.: A female parent; especially one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child.; n.: That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix.; n.: An old woman or matron.; n.: The female superior or head of a religious house as an abbess etc.; n.: Hysterical passion; hysteria.; a.: Received by birth or from ancestors; native natural; as mother language; also acting the part or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating.; v. t.: To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to.; n.: A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids such as vinegar wine etc. and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid thus leading to their oxidation.; v. i.: To become like or full of mother or thick matter as vinegar.
Found on page(s): [86]

holding - holding, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of sustaining grasping or retaining.; n.: A tenure; a farm or other estate held of another.; n.: That which holds binds or influences.; n.: The burden or chorus of a song.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 11, 53, 89, 98]

disadvantage. - disadvantage., Definition(s): n.: Deprivation of advantage; unfavorable or prejudicial quality condition circumstance or the like; that which hinders success or causes loss or injury.; n.: Loss; detriment; hindrance; prejudice to interest fame credit profit or other good.; v. t.: To injure the interest of; to be detrimental to.
Found on page(s): [10, 100]

array - array, Definition(s): n.: Order; a regular and imposing arrangement; disposition in regular lines; hence order of battle; as drawn up in battle array.; n.: The whole body of persons thus placed in order; an orderly collection; hence a body of soldiers.; n.: An imposing series of things.; n.: Dress; garments disposed in order upon the person; rich or beautiful apparel.; n.: A ranking or setting forth in order by the proper officer of a jury as impaneled in a cause.; n.: The panel itself.; n.: The whole body of jurors summoned to attend the court.; n.: To place or dispose in order as troops for battle; to marshal.; n.: To deck or dress; to adorn with dress; to cloth to envelop; -- applied esp. to dress of a splendid kind.; n.: To set in order as a jury for the trial of a cause; that is to call them man by man.
Found on page(s): [43]

liberality - liberality, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.; n.: A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Found on page(s): [44, 45, 46, 47]

complicity - complicity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being an accomplice; participation in guilt.
Found on page(s): [56]

concealed - concealed, Definition(s): a.: Hidden; kept from sight; secreted.
Found on page(s): [50, 102]

permission; - permission;, Definition(s): n.: The act of permitting or allowing; formal consent; authorization; leave; license or liberty granted.
Found on page(s): [11]

inconsiderable, - inconsiderable,, Definition(s): a.: Not considerable; unworthy of consideration or notice; unimportant; small; trivial; as an inconsiderable distance; an inconsiderable quantity degree value or sum.
Found on page(s): [37]

enforced - enforced, Definition(s): a.: Compelled; forced; not voluntary.
Found on page(s): [16]

fortune - fortune, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [2, 5, 14, 15, 16, 17, 22, 23, 24, 27, 32, 39, 40, 44, 52, 67, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 84, 86, 103]

repay - repay, Definition(s): v. t.: To pay back; to refund; as to repay money borrowed or advanced.; v. t.: To make return or requital for; to recompense; -- in a good or bad sense; as to repay kindness; to repay an injury.; v. t.: To pay anew or a second time as a debt.
Found on page(s): [88]

Ten, - Ten,, Definition(s): a.: One more than nine; twice five.; n.: The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects.; n.: A symbol representing ten units as 10 x or X.
Found on page(s): [65]

prosper, - prosper,, Definition(s): v. t.: To favor; to render successful.; v. i.: To be successful; to succeed; to be fortunate or prosperous; to thrive; to make gain.; v. i.: To grow; to increase.
Found on page(s): [21]

unheard - unheard, Definition(s): a.: Not heard; not perceived by the ear; as words unheard by those present.; a.: Not granted an audience or a hearing; not allowed to speak; not having made a defense or stated one's side of a question; disregarded; unheeded; as to condem/ a man unheard.; a.: Not known to fame; not illustrious or celebrated; obscure.
Found on page(s): [59]

faction. - faction., Definition(s): n.: One of the divisions or parties of charioteers (distinguished by their colors) in the games of the circus.; n.: A party in political society combined or acting in union in opposition to the government or state; -- usually applied to a minority but it may be applied to a majority; a combination or clique of partisans of any kind acting for their own interests especially if greedy clamorous and reckless of the common good.; n.: Tumult; discord; dissension.
Found on page(s): [95]

shameless - shameless, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of shame; wanting modesty; brazen-faced; insensible to disgrace.; a.: Indicating want of modesty or sensibility to disgrace; indecent; as a shameless picture or poem.
Found on page(s): [67]

statecraft, - statecraft,, Definition(s): n.: The art of conducting state affairs; state management; statesmanship.
Found on page(s): [10]

demolish - demolish, Definition(s): v. t.: To throw or pull down; to raze; to destroy the fabric of; to pull to pieces; to ruin; as to demolish an edifice or a wall.
Found on page(s): [64]

lest, - lest,, Definition(s): v. i.: To listen.; n.: Lust; desire; pleasure.; a.: Last; least.; a.: For fear that; that . . . not; in order that . . . not.; a.: That (without the negative particle); -- after certain expressions denoting fear or apprehension.
Found on page(s): [97]

round - round, Definition(s): v. i. & t.: To whisper.; a.: Having every portion of the surface or of the circumference equally distant from the center; spherical; circular; having a form approaching a spherical or a circular shape; orbicular; globular; as a round ball.; a.: Having the form of a cylinder; cylindrical; as the barrel of a musket is round.; a.: Having a curved outline or form; especially one like the arc of a circle or an ellipse or a portion of the surface of a sphere; rotund; bulging; protuberant; not angular or pointed; as a round arch; round hills.; a.: Full; complete; not broken; not fractional; approximately in even units tens hundreds thousands etc.; -- said of numbers.; a.: Not inconsiderable; large; hence generous; free; as a round price.; a.: Uttered or emitted with a full tone; as a round voice; a round note.; a.: Modified as a vowel by contraction of the lip opening making the opening more or less round in shape; rounded; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation / 11.; a.: Outspoken; plain and direct; unreserved; unqualified; not mincing; as a round answer; a round oath.; a.: Full and smoothly expanded; not defective or abrupt; finished; polished; -- said of style or of authors with reference to their style.; a.: Complete and consistent; fair; just; -- applied to conduct.; n.: Anything round as a circle a globe a ring. The golden round [the crown].; n.: A series of changes or events ending where it began; a series of like events recurring in continuance; a cycle; a periodical revolution; as the round of the seasons; a round of pleasures.; n.: A course of action or conduct performed by a number of persons in turn or one after another as if seated in a circle.; n.: A series of duties or tasks which must be performed in turn and then repeated.; n.: A circular dance.; n.: That which goes round a whole circle or company; as a round of applause.; n.: Rotation as in office; succession.; n.: The step of a ladder; a rundle or rung; also a crosspiece which joins and braces the legs of a chair.; n.: A course ending where it began; a circuit; a beat; especially one freguently or regulary traversed; also the act of traversing a circuit; as a watchman's round; the rounds of the postman.; n.: A walk performed by a guard or an officer round the rampart of a garrison or among sentinels to see that the sentinels are faithful and all things safe; also the guard or officer with his attendants who performs this duty; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A general discharge of firearms by a body of troops in which each soldier fires once.; n.: Ammunition for discharging a piece or pieces once; as twenty rounds of ammunition were given out.; n.: A short vocal piece resembling a catch in which three or four voices follow each other round in a species of canon in the unison.; n.: The time during which prize fighters or boxers are in actual contest without an intermission as prescribed by their rules; a bout.; n.: A brewer's vessel in which the fermentation is concluded the yeast escaping through the bunghole.; n.: A vessel filled as for drinking.; n.: An assembly; a group; a circle; as a round of politicians.; n.: See Roundtop.; n.: Same as Round of beef below.; adv.: On all sides; around.; adv.: Circularly; in a circular form or manner; by revolving or reversing one's position; as to turn one's head round; a wheel turns round.; adv.: In circumference; as a ball is ten inches round.; adv.: From one side or party to another; as to come or turn round -- that is to change sides or opinions.; adv.: By or in a circuit; by a course longer than the direct course; back to the starting point.; adv.: Through a circle as of friends or houses.; adv.: Roundly; fully; vigorously.; prep.: On every side of so as to encompass or encircle; around; about; as the people atood round him; to go round the city; to wind a cable round a windlass.; v. t.: To make circular spherical or cylindrical; to give a round or convex figure to; as to round a silver coin; to round the edges of anything.; v. t.: To surround; to encircle; to encompass.; v. t.: To bring to fullness or completeness; to complete; hence to bring to a fit conclusion.; v. t.: To go round wholly or in part; to go about (a corner or point); as to round a corner; to round Cape Horn.; v. t.: To make full smooth and flowing; as to round periods in writing.; v. i.: To grow round or full; hence to attain to fullness completeness or perfection.; v. i.: To go round as a guard.; v. i.: To go or turn round; to wheel about.
Found on page(s): [54, 61, 96, 98]

door. - door., Definition(s): n.: An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment by which to go in and out; an entrance way.; n.: The frame or barrier of boards or other material usually turning on hinges by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.; n.: Passage; means of approach or access.; n.: An entrance way but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Found on page(s): [81]

garrison - garrison, Definition(s): n.: A body of troops stationed in a fort or fortified town.; n.: A fortified place in which troops are quartered for its security.; v. t.: To place troops in as a fortification for its defense; to furnish with soldiers; as to garrison a fort or town.; v. t.: To secure or defend by fortresses manned with troops; as to garrison a conquered territory.
Found on page(s): [6]

ambassador - ambassador, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [107]

shortness - shortness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being short; want of reach or extension; brevity; deficiency; as the shortness of a journey; the shortness of the days in winter; the shortness of an essay; the shortness of the memory; a shortness of provisions; shortness of breath.
Found on page(s): [22, 75]

poverty, - poverty,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being poor or indigent; want or scarcity of means of subsistence; indigence; need.; n.: Any deficiency of elements or resources that are needed or desired or that constitute richness; as poverty of soil; poverty of the blood; poverty of ideas.
Found on page(s): [47]

poverty. - poverty., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being poor or indigent; want or scarcity of means of subsistence; indigence; need.; n.: Any deficiency of elements or resources that are needed or desired or that constitute richness; as poverty of soil; poverty of the blood; poverty of ideas.
Found on page(s): [92]

vengeance, - vengeance,, Definition(s): n.: Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense; retribution; -- often in a bad sense passionate or unrestrained revenge.; n.: Harm; mischief.
Found on page(s): [14]

pope - pope, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [32, 33, 85]

fare - fare, Definition(s): n.: To go; to pass; to journey; to travel.; n.: To be in any state or pass through any experience good or bad; to be attended with any circummstances or train of events fortunate or unfortunate; as he fared well or ill.; n.: To be treated or entertained at table or with bodily or social comforts; to live.; n.: To happen well or ill; -- used impersonally; as we shall see how it will fare with him.; n.: To behave; to conduct one's self.; v.: A journey; a passage.; v.: The price of passage or going; the sum paid or due for conveying a person by land or water; as the fare for crossing a river; the fare in a coach or by railway.; v.: Ado; bustle; business.; v.: Condition or state of things; fortune; hap; cheer.; v.: Food; provisions for the table; entertainment; as coarse fare; delicious fare.; v.: The person or persons conveyed in a vehicle; as a full fare of passengers.; v.: The catch of fish on a fishing vessel.
Found on page(s): [105]

discuss, - discuss,, Definition(s): v. t.: To break to pieces; to shatter.; v. t.: To break up; to disperse; to scatter; to dissipate; to drive away; -- said especially of tumors.; v. t.: To shake; to put away; to finish.; v. t.: To examine in detail or by disputation; to reason upon by presenting favorable and adverse considerations; to debate; to sift; to investigate; to ventilate.; v. t.: To deal with in eating or drinking.; v. t.: To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
Found on page(s): [34]

resolution - resolution, Definition(s): n.: The act operation or process of resolving. Specifically: (a) The act of separating a compound into its elements or component parts. (b) The act of analyzing a complex notion or solving a vexed question or difficult problem.; n.: The state of being relaxed; relaxation.; n.: The state of being resolved settled or determined; firmness; steadiness; constancy; determination.; n.: That which is resolved or determined; a settled purpose; determination. Specifically: A formal expression of the opinion or will of an official body or a public assembly adopted by vote; as a legislative resolution; the resolutions of a public meeting.; n.: The state of being resolved or firm in opinion or thought; conviction; assurance.; n.: The act or process of solving; solution; as the resolution of an equation or problem.; n.: A breaking up disappearance; or termination as of a fever a tumor or the like.; n.: The passing of a dissonant into a consonant chord by the rising or falling of the note which makes the discord.
Found on page(s): [29]

setting - setting, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which sets; as the setting of type or of gems; the setting of the sun; the setting (hardening) of moist plaster of Paris; the setting (set) of a current.; n.: The act of marking the position of game as a setter does; also hunting with a setter.; n.: Something set in or inserted.; n.: That in which something as a gem is set; as the gold setting of a jeweled pin.
Found on page(s): [65, 84]

properly - properly, Definition(s): adv.: In a proper manner; suitably; fitly; strictly; rightly; as a word properly applied; a dress properly adjusted.; adv.: Individually; after one's own manner.
Found on page(s): [6, 26]

ducat - ducat, Definition(s): n.: A coin either of gold or silver of several countries in Europe; originally one struck in the dominions of a duke.
Found on page(s): [104]

haste; - haste;, Definition(s): n.: Celerity of motion; speed; swiftness; dispatch; expedition; -- applied only to voluntary beings as men and other animals.; n.: The state of being urged or pressed by business; hurry; urgency; sudden excitement of feeling or passion; precipitance; vehemence.; n.: To hasten; to hurry.
Found on page(s): [74]

Pass - Pass, Definition(s): v. i.: To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as to pass on by out in etc.; to pass swiftly directly smoothly etc.; to pass to the rear under the yoke over the bridge across the field beyond the border etc.; v. i.: To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession condition or circumstances; to undergo transition; as the business has passed into other hands.; v. i.: To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically to depart from life; to die.; v. i.: To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorily.; v. i.: To go by or glide by as time; to elapse; to be spent; as their vacation passed pleasantly.; v. i.: To go from one person to another; hence to be given and taken freely; as clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation.; v. i.: To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.; v. i.: To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as he attempted the examination but did not expect to pass.; v. i.: To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence to continue; to live along.; v. i.: To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as we let this act pass.; v. i.: To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.; v. i.: To take heed; to care.; v. i.: To go through the intestines.; v. i.: To be conveyed or transferred by will deed or other instrument of conveyance; as an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed.; v. i.: To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.; v. i.: To decline to take an optional action when it is one's turn as to decline to bid or to bet or to play a card; in euchre to decline to make the trump.; v. i.: In football hockey etc. to make a pass; to transfer the ball etc. to another player of one's own side.; v. t.: To go by beyond over through or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as to pass a house a stream a boundary etc.; v. t.: To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.; v. t.: To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.; v. t.: To go successfully through as an examination trail test etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of as a legislative body; as he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.; v. t.: To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person place or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand.; v. t.: To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence to promise; to pledge; as to pass sentence.; v. t.: To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal examination or action; specifically to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law.; v. t.: To put in circulation; to give currency to; as to pass counterfeit money.; v. t.: To cause to obtain entrance admission or conveyance; as to pass a person into a theater or over a railroad.; v. t.: To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.; v. t.: To take a turn with (a line gasket etc.) as around a sail in furling and make secure.; v. t.: To make as a thrust punto etc.; v. i.: An opening road or track available for passing; especially one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as a mountain pass.; v. i.: A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.; v. i.: A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.; v. i.: A single passage of a bar rail sheet etc. between the rolls.; v. i.: State of things; condition; predicament.; v. i.: Permission or license to pass or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as a railroad or theater pass; a military pass.; v. i.: Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit.; v. i.: Estimation; character.; v. i.: A part; a division.
Found on page(s): [96]

poor - poor, Definition(s): superl.: Destitute of property; wanting in material riches or goods; needy; indigent.; superl.: So completely destitute of property as to be entitled to maintenance from the public.; superl.: Wanting in fat plumpness or fleshiness; lean; emaciated; meager; as a poor horse ox dog etc.; superl.: Wanting in strength or vigor; feeble; dejected; as poor health; poor spirits.; superl.: Of little value or worth; not good; inferior; shabby; mean; as poor clothes; poor lodgings.; superl.: Destitute of fertility; exhausted; barren; sterile; -- said of land; as poor soil.; superl.: Destitute of beauty fitness or merit; as a poor discourse; a poor picture.; superl.: Without prosperous conditions or good results; unfavorable; unfortunate; unconformable; as a poor business; the sick man had a poor night.; superl.: Inadequate; insufficient; insignificant; as a poor excuse.; superl.: Worthy of pity or sympathy; -- used also sometimes as a term of endearment or as an expression of modesty and sometimes as a word of contempt.; superl.: Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek.; n.: A small European codfish (Gadus minutus); -- called also power cod.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 39, 46, 47, 78]

woman-like, - woman-like,, Definition(s): a.: Like a woman; womanly.
Found on page(s): [76]

ran - ran, Definition(s): : imp. of Run.; n.: Open robbery.; n.: Yarns coiled on a spun-yarn winch.
Found on page(s): [39]

Julian, - Julian,, Definition(s): a.: Relating to or derived from Julius Caesar.
Found on page(s): [57, 58, 60]

ashamed - ashamed, Definition(s): a.: Affected by shame; abashed or confused by guilt or a conviction or consciousness of some wrong action or impropriety.
Found on page(s): [105]

enduring - enduring, Definition(s): a.: Lasting; durable; long-suffering; as an enduring disposition.
Found on page(s): [24, 59]

excellent - excellent, Definition(s): a.: Excelling; surpassing others in some good quality or the sum of qualities; of great worth; eminent in a good sense; superior; as an excellent man artist citizen husband discourse book song etc.; excellent breeding principles aims action.; a.: Superior in kind or degree irrespective of moral quality; -- used with words of a bad significance.; adv.: Excellently; eminently; exceedingly.
Found on page(s): [15, 20, 24, 49, 54, 59]

Cardinal - Cardinal, Definition(s): a.: Of fundamental importance; preeminent; superior; chief; principal.; a.: One of the ecclesiastical princes who constitute the pope's council or the sacred college.; a.: A woman's short cloak with a hood.; a.: Mulled red wine.
Found on page(s): [10, 22, 33, 85]

Julian. - Julian., Definition(s): a.: Relating to or derived from Julius Caesar.
Found on page(s): [58]

hurried - hurried, Definition(s): a.: Urged on; hastened; going or working at speed; as a hurried writer; a hurried life.; a.: Done in a hurry; hence imperfect; careless; as a hurried job.
Found on page(s): [97]

fatal. - fatal., Definition(s): a.: Proceeding from or appointed by fate or destiny; necessary; inevitable.; a.: Foreboding death or great disaster.; a.: Causing death or destruction; deadly; mortal; destructive; calamitous; as a fatal wound; a fatal disease; a fatal day; a fatal error.
Found on page(s): [102]

flight: - flight:, Definition(s): n.: The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.; n.: The act of fleeing; the act of running away to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.; n.: Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as a flight of imagination ambition folly.; n.: A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as a flight of arrows.; n.: A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.; n.: A kind of arrow for the longbow; also the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.; n.: The husk or glume of oats.
Found on page(s): [79]

countenance, - countenance,, Definition(s): v. t.: To encourage; to favor; to approve; to aid; to abet.; v. t.: To make a show of; to pretend.
Found on page(s): [1]

himself, - himself,, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is himself who saved himself.; pron.: One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness passion delirium or abasement); as the man has come to himself.; pron. pl.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [2, 6, 8, 19, 20, 21, 25, 28, 42, 45, 46, 47, 54, 55, 63, 69, 83, 94, 103]

intervention. - intervention., Definition(s): n.: The act of intervening; interposition.; n.: Any interference that may affect the interests of others; especially of one or more states with the affairs of another; mediation.; n.: The act by which a third person to protect his own interest interposes and becomes a party to a suit pending between other parties.
Found on page(s): [8]

himself. - himself., Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is himself who saved himself.; pron.: One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness passion delirium or abasement); as the man has come to himself.; pron. pl.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [20, 21, 104]

endure - endure, Definition(s): v. i.: To continue in the same state without perishing; to last; to remain.; v. i.: To remain firm as under trial or suffering; to suffer patiently or without yielding; to bear up under adversity; to hold out.; v. t.: To remain firm under; to sustain; to undergo; to support without breaking or yielding; as metals endure a certain degree of heat without melting; to endure wind and weather.; v. t.: To bear with patience; to suffer without opposition or without sinking under the pressure or affliction; to bear up under; to put up with; to tolerate.; v. t.: To harden; to toughen; to make hardy.
Found on page(s): [4, 49, 58, 89, 99]

shortly - shortly, Definition(s): adv.: In a short or brief time or manner; soon; quickly.; adv.: In few words; briefly; abruptly; curtly; as to express ideas more shortly in verse than in prose.
Found on page(s): [86]

firmly - firmly, Definition(s): adv.: In a firm manner.
Found on page(s): [18]

flight. - flight., Definition(s): n.: The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.; n.: The act of fleeing; the act of running away to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.; n.: Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as a flight of imagination ambition folly.; n.: A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as a flight of arrows.; n.: A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.; n.: A kind of arrow for the longbow; also the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.; n.: The husk or glume of oats.
Found on page(s): [101]

fate - fate, Definition(s): n.: A fixed decree by which the order of things is prescribed; the immutable law of the universe; inevitable necessity; the force by which all existence is determined and conditioned.; n.: Appointed lot; allotted life; arranged or predetermined event; destiny; especially the final lot; doom; ruin; death.; n.: The element of chance in the affairs of life; the unforeseen and unestimated conitions considered as a force shaping events; fortune; esp. opposing circumstances against which it is useless to struggle; as fate was or the fates were against him.; n.: The three goddesses Clotho Lachesis and Atropos sometimes called the Destinies or Parcaewho were supposed to determine the course of human life. They are represented one as holding the distaff a second as spinning and the third as cutting off the thread.
Found on page(s): [48]

flight, - flight,, Definition(s): n.: The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.; n.: The act of fleeing; the act of running away to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.; n.: Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as a flight of imagination ambition folly.; n.: A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as a flight of arrows.; n.: A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.; n.: A kind of arrow for the longbow; also the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.; n.: The husk or glume of oats.
Found on page(s): [92, 98]

move. - move., Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry convey draw or push from one place to another; to impel; to stir; as the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a carriage.; v. t.: To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another according to the rules of the game; as to move a king.; v. t.: To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation persuasion or appeal; to influence.; v. t.: To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially to excite to tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite as an emotion.; v. t.: To propose; to recommend; specifically to propose formally for consideration and determination in a deliberative assembly; to submit as a resolution to be adopted; as to move to adjourn.; v. t.: To apply to as for aid.; v. i.: To change place or posture; to stir; to go in any manner from one place or position to another; as a ship moves rapidly.; v. i.: To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as to move in a matter.; v. i.: To change residence; to remove as from one house town or state to another.; v. i.: To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game.; n.: The act of moving; a movement.; n.: The act of moving one of the pieces from one position to another in the progress of the game.; n.: An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.
Found on page(s): [100]

aspect - aspect, Definition(s): n.: The act of looking; vision; gaze; glance.; n.: Look or particular appearance of the face; countenance; mien; air.; n.: Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view.; n.: Position or situation with regard to seeing; that position which enables one to look in a particular direction; position in relation to the points of the compass; as a house has a southern aspect that is a position which faces the south.; n.: Prospect; outlook.; n.: The situation of planets or stars with respect to one another or the angle formed by the rays of light proceeding from them and meeting at the eye; the joint look of planets or stars upon each other or upon the earth.; n.: The influence of the stars for good or evil; as an ill aspect.; n.: To behold; to look at.
Found on page(s): [43]

barbarity - barbarity, Definition(s): n.: The state or manner of a barbarian; lack of civilization.; n.: Cruelty; ferociousness; inhumanity.; n.: A barbarous or cruel act.; n.: Barbarism; impurity of speech.
Found on page(s): [20]

harm. - harm., Definition(s): n.: Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune.; n.: That which causes injury damage or loss.; n.: To hurt; to injure; to damage; to wrong.
Found on page(s): [58]

delighting - delighting, Definition(s): a.: Giving delight; gladdening.
Found on page(s): [87]

PRINCE - PRINCE, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 42, 65]

indulgence - indulgence, Definition(s): n.: The act of indulging or humoring; the quality of being indulgent; forbearance of restrain or control.; n.: An indulgent act; favor granted; gratification.; n.: Remission of the temporal punishment due to sins after the guilt of sin has been remitted by sincere repentance; absolution from the censures and public penances of the church. It is a payment of the debt of justice to God by the application of the merits of Christ and his saints to the contrite soul through the church. It is therefore believed to diminish or destroy for sins the punishment of purgatory.; v. t.: To grant an indulgence to.
Found on page(s): [104]

pass, - pass,, Definition(s): v. i.: To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as to pass on by out in etc.; to pass swiftly directly smoothly etc.; to pass to the rear under the yoke over the bridge across the field beyond the border etc.; v. i.: To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession condition or circumstances; to undergo transition; as the business has passed into other hands.; v. i.: To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically to depart from life; to die.; v. i.: To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorily.; v. i.: To go by or glide by as time; to elapse; to be spent; as their vacation passed pleasantly.; v. i.: To go from one person to another; hence to be given and taken freely; as clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation.; v. i.: To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.; v. i.: To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as he attempted the examination but did not expect to pass.; v. i.: To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence to continue; to live along.; v. i.: To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as we let this act pass.; v. i.: To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.; v. i.: To take heed; to care.; v. i.: To go through the intestines.; v. i.: To be conveyed or transferred by will deed or other instrument of conveyance; as an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed.; v. i.: To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.; v. i.: To decline to take an optional action when it is one's turn as to decline to bid or to bet or to play a card; in euchre to decline to make the trump.; v. i.: In football hockey etc. to make a pass; to transfer the ball etc. to another player of one's own side.; v. t.: To go by beyond over through or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as to pass a house a stream a boundary etc.; v. t.: To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.; v. t.: To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.; v. t.: To go successfully through as an examination trail test etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of as a legislative body; as he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.; v. t.: To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person place or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand.; v. t.: To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence to promise; to pledge; as to pass sentence.; v. t.: To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal examination or action; specifically to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law.; v. t.: To put in circulation; to give currency to; as to pass counterfeit money.; v. t.: To cause to obtain entrance admission or conveyance; as to pass a person into a theater or over a railroad.; v. t.: To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.; v. t.: To take a turn with (a line gasket etc.) as around a sail in furling and make secure.; v. t.: To make as a thrust punto etc.; v. i.: An opening road or track available for passing; especially one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as a mountain pass.; v. i.: A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.; v. i.: A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.; v. i.: A single passage of a bar rail sheet etc. between the rolls.; v. i.: State of things; condition; predicament.; v. i.: Permission or license to pass or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as a railroad or theater pass; a military pass.; v. i.: Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit.; v. i.: Estimation; character.; v. i.: A part; a division.
Found on page(s): [96, 98]

mitigate - mitigate, Definition(s): v. t.: To make less severe intense harsh rigorous painful etc.; to soften; to meliorate; to alleviate; to diminish; to lessen; as to mitigate heat or cold; to mitigate grief.; v. t.: To make mild and accessible; to mollify; -- applied to persons.
Found on page(s): [14, 26]

signify - signify, Definition(s): n.: To show by a sign; to communicate by any conventional token as words gestures signals or the like; to announce; to make known; to declare; to express; as a signified his desire to be present.; n.: To mean; to import; to denote; to betoken.
Found on page(s): [52]

humanity, - humanity,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being human; the peculiar nature of man by which he is distinguished from other beings.; n.: Mankind collectively; the human race.; n.: The quality of being humane; the kind feelings dispositions and sympathies of man; especially a disposition to relieve persons or animals in distress and to treat all creatures with kindness and tenderness.; n.: Mental cultivation; liberal education; instruction in classical and polite literature.; n.: The branches of polite or elegant learning; as language rhetoric poetry and the ancient classics; belles-letters.
Found on page(s): [44, 48, 52]

sling - sling, Definition(s): v. t.: An instrument for throwing stones or other missiles consisting of a short strap with two strings fastened to its ends or with a string fastened to one end and a light stick to the other. The missile being lodged in a hole in the strap the ends of the string are taken in the hand and the whole whirled rapidly round until by loosing one end the missile is let fly with centrifugal force.; v. t.: The act or motion of hurling as with a sling; a throw; figuratively a stroke.; v. t.: A kind of hanging bandage put around the neck in which a wounded arm or hand is supported.; v. t.: A loop of rope or a rope or chain with hooks for suspending a barrel bale or other heavy object in hoisting or lowering.; v. t.: A strap attached to a firearm for suspending it from the shoulder.; v. t.: A band of rope or iron for securing a yard to a mast; -- chiefly in the plural.; v. t.: To throw with a sling.; v. t.: To throw; to hurl; to cast.; v. t.: To hang so as to swing; as to sling a pack.; v. t.: To pass a rope round as a cask gun etc. preparatory to attaching a hoisting or lowering tackle.; n.: A drink composed of spirit (usually gin) and water sweetened.
Found on page(s): [40]

reconciliation - reconciliation, Definition(s): n.: The act of reconciling or the state of being reconciled; reconcilenment; restoration to harmony; renewal of friendship.; n.: Reduction to congruence or consistency; removal of inconsistency; harmony.
Found on page(s): [82]

disdain - disdain, Definition(s): v. t.: A feeling of contempt and aversion; the regarding anything as unworthy of or beneath one; scorn.; v. t.: That which is worthy to be disdained or regarded with contempt and aversion.; v. t.: The state of being despised; shame.; v. t.: To think unworthy; to deem unsuitable or unbecoming; as to disdain to do a mean act.; v. t.: To reject as unworthy of one's self or as not deserving one's notice; to look with scorn upon; to scorn as base acts character etc.; v. i.: To be filled with scorn; to feel contemptuous anger; to be haughty.
Found on page(s): [43, 103]

invasion - invasion, Definition(s): n.: The act of invading; the act of encroaching upon the rights or possessions of another; encroachment; trespass.; n.: A warlike or hostile entrance into the possessions or domains of another; the incursion of an army for conquest or plunder.; n.: The incoming or first attack of anything hurtful or pernicious; as the invasion of a disease.
Found on page(s): [74]

desperation - desperation, Definition(s): n.: The act of despairing or becoming desperate; a giving up of hope.; n.: A state of despair or utter hopeless; abandonment of hope; extreme recklessness; reckless fury.
Found on page(s): [98, 101]

calling - calling, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who calls; a crying aloud esp. in order to summon or to attact the attention of some one.; n.: A summoning or convocation as of Parliament.; n.: A divine summons or invitation; also the state of being divinely called.; n.: A naming or inviting; a reading over or reciting in order or a call of names with a view to obtaining an answer as in legislative bodies.; n.: One's usual occupation or employment; vocation; business; trade.; n.: The persons collectively engaged in any particular professions or employment.; n.: Title; appellation; name.
Found on page(s): [89]

spit - spit, Definition(s): n.: A long slender pointed rod usually of iron for holding meat while roasting.; n.: A small point of land running into the sea or a long narrow shoal extending from the shore into the sea; as a spit of sand.; n.: The depth to which a spade goes in digging; a spade; a spadeful.; n.: To thrust a spit through; to fix upon a spit; hence to thrust through or impale; as to spit a loin of veal.; n.: To spade; to dig.; v. i.: To attend to a spit; to use a spit.; n.: To eject from the mouth; to throw out as saliva or other matter from the mouth.; n.: To eject; to throw out; to belch.; n.: The secretion formed by the glands of the mouth; spitle; saliva; sputum.; v. i.: To throw out saliva from the mouth.; v. i.: To rain or snow slightly or with sprinkles.
Found on page(s): [105]

communicate - communicate, Definition(s): v. i.: To share in common; to participate in.; v. i.: To impart; to bestow; to convey; as to communicate a disease or a sensation; to communicate motion by means of a crank.; v. i.: To make known; to recount; to give; to impart; as to communicate information to any one.; v. i.: To administer the communion to.; v. i.: To share or participate; to possess or enjoy in common; to have sympathy.; v. i.: To give alms sympathy or aid.; v. i.: To have intercourse or to be the means of intercourse; as to communicate with another on business; to be connected; as a communicating artery.; v. i.: To partake of the Lord's supper; to commune.
Found on page(s): [70]

saddle - saddle, Definition(s): n.: A seat for a rider -- usually made of leather padded to span comfortably a horse's back furnished with stirrups for the rider's feet to rest in and fastened in place with a girth; also a seat for the rider on a bicycle or tricycle.; n.: A padded part of a harness which is worn on a horse's back being fastened in place with a girth. It serves various purposes as to keep the breeching in place carry guides for the reins etc.; n.: A piece of meat containing a part of the backbone of an animal with the ribs on each side; as a saddle of mutton of venison etc.; n.: A block of wood usually fastened to some spar and shaped to receive the end of another spar.; n.: A part as a flange which is hollowed out to fit upon a convex surface and serve as a means of attachment or support.; n.: The clitellus of an earthworm.; n.: The threshold of a door when a separate piece from the floor or landing; -- so called because it spans and covers the joint between two floors.; v. t.: To put a saddle upon; to equip (a beast) for riding.; v. t.: Hence: To fix as a charge or burden upon; to load; to encumber; as to saddle a town with the expense of bridges and highways.
Found on page(s): [102]

hereafter; - hereafter;, Definition(s): adv.: In time to come; in some future time or state.; n.: A future existence or state.
Found on page(s): [43]

prudence, - prudence,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being prudent; wisdom in the way of caution and provision; discretion; carefulness; hence also economy; frugality.
Found on page(s): [7, 103]

otherwise, - otherwise,, Definition(s): adv.: In a different manner; in another way or in other ways; differently; contrarily.; adv.: In other respects.; adv.: In different circumstances; under other conditions; as I am engaged otherwise I would accept.
Found on page(s): [5, 22, 26, 51, 70, 71]

mile. - mile., Definition(s): n.: A certain measure of distance being equivalent in England and the United States to 320 poles or rods or 5280 feet.
Found on page(s): [83]

betrayal - betrayal, Definition(s): n.: The act or the result of betraying.
Found on page(s): [99]

rest; - rest;, Definition(s): v. t.: To arrest.; n.: A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.; n.: Hence freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.; n.: Sleep; slumber; hence poetically death.; n.: That on which anything rests or leans for support; as a rest in a lathe for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.; n.: A projection from the right side of the cuirass serving to support the lance.; n.: A place where one may rest either temporarily as in an inn or permanently as in an abode.; n.: A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.; n.: The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.; n.: A set or game at tennis.; n.: Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are whole half quarteretc.; n.: To cease from action or motion especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.; n.: To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.; n.: To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as to rest on a couch.; n.: To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as a column rests on its pedestal.; n.: To sleep; to slumber; hence poetically to be dead.; n.: To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as to rest on a man's promise.; n.: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.; v. t.: To lay or place at rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To place as on a support; to cause to lean.; n.: That which is left or which remains after the separation of a part either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.; n.: Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.; n.: A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends etc.; in the Bank of England the balance of assets above liabilities.; v. i.: To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Found on page(s): [14]

affection. - affection., Definition(s): n.: The act of affecting or acting upon; the state of being affected.; n.: An attribute; a quality or property; a condition; a bodily state; as figure weight etc.  are affections of bodies.; n.: Bent of mind; a feeling or natural impulse or natural impulse acting upon and swaying the mind; any emotion; as the benevolent affections esteem gratitude etc.; the malevolent affections hatred envy etc.; inclination; disposition; propensity; tendency.; n.: A settled good will; kind feeling; love; zealous or tender attachment; -- often in the pl. Formerly followed by to but now more generally by for or towards; as filial social or conjugal affections; to have an affection for or towards children.; n.: Prejudice; bias.; n.: Disease; morbid symptom; malady; as a pulmonary affection.; n.: The lively representation of any emotion.; n.: Affectation.; n.: Passion; violent emotion.
Found on page(s): [11]

Thirdly, - Thirdly,, Definition(s): adv.: In the third place.
Found on page(s): [21]

blush - blush, Definition(s): v. i.: To become suffused with red in the cheeks as from a sense of shame modesty or confusion; to become red from such cause as the cheeks or face.; v. i.: To grow red; to have a red or rosy color.; v. i.: To have a warm and delicate color as some roses and other flowers.; v. t.: To suffuse with a blush; to redden; to make roseate.; v. t.: To express or make known by blushing.; n.: A suffusion of the cheeks or face with red as from a sense of shame confusion or modesty.; n.: A red or reddish color; a rosy tint.
Found on page(s): [105]

insecure - insecure, Definition(s): a.: Not secure; not confident of safety or permanence; distrustful; suspicious; apprehensive of danger or loss.; a.: Not effectually guarded protected or sustained; unsafe; unstable; exposed to danger or loss.
Found on page(s): [12]

self-government, - self-government,, Definition(s): n.: The act of governing one's self or the state of being governed by one's self; self-control; self-command.; n.: Hence government of a community state or nation by the joint action of the mass of people constituting such a civil body; also the state of being so governed; democratic government; democracy.
Found on page(s): [27]

finish - finish, Definition(s): v. t.: To arrive at the end of; to bring to an end; to put an end to; to make an end of; to terminate.; v. t.: To bestow the last required labor upon; to complete; to bestow the utmost possible labor upon; to perfect; to accomplish; to polish.; v. i.: To come to an end; to terminate.; v. i.: To end; to die.; n.: That which finishes puts an end to/ or perfects.; n.: The joiner work and other finer work required for the completion of a building especially of the interior. See Inside finish and Outside finish.; n.: The labor required to give final completion to any work; hence minute detail careful elaboration or the like.; n.: See Finishing coat under Finishing.; n.: The result of completed labor as on the surface of an object; manner or style of finishing; as a rough dead or glossy finish given to cloth stone metal etc.; n.: Completion; -- opposed to start or beginning.
Found on page(s): [91]

swift - swift, Definition(s): v. i.: Moving a great distance in a short time; moving with celerity or velocity; fleet; rapid; quick; speedy; prompt.; v. i.: Of short continuance; passing away quickly.; adv.: Swiftly.; n.: The current of a stream.; n.: Any one of numerous species of small long-winged insectivorous birds of the family Micropodidae. In form and habits the swifts resemble swallows but they are destitute of complex vocal muscles and are not singing birds but belong to a widely different group allied to the humming birds.; n.: Any one of several species of lizards as the pine lizard.; n.: The ghost moth. See under Ghost.; n.: A reel or turning instrument for winding yarn thread etc.; -- used chiefly in the plural.; n.: The main card cylinder of a flax-carding machine.
Found on page(s): [20]

hurtful - hurtful, Definition(s): a.: Tending to impair or damage; injurious; mischievous; occasioning loss or injury; as hurtful words or conduct.
Found on page(s): [52]

self-government; - self-government;, Definition(s): n.: The act of governing one's self or the state of being governed by one's self; self-control; self-command.; n.: Hence government of a community state or nation by the joint action of the mass of people constituting such a civil body; also the state of being so governed; democratic government; democracy.
Found on page(s): [5]

remedy - remedy, Definition(s): n.: That which relieves or cures a disease; any medicine or application which puts an end to disease and restores health; -- with for; as a remedy for the gout.; n.: That which corrects or counteracts an evil of any kind; a corrective; a counteractive; reparation; cure; -- followed by for or against formerly by to.; n.: The legal means to recover a right or to obtain redress for a wrong.; n.: To apply a remedy to; to relieve; to cure; to heal; to repair; to redress; to correct; to counteract.
Found on page(s): [5, 7, 21, 22]

propitious - propitious, Definition(s): a.: Convenient; auspicious; favorable; kind; as a propitious season; a propitious breeze.; a.: Hence kind; gracious; merciful; helpful; -- said of a person or a divinity.
Found on page(s): [76]

entirely; - entirely;, Definition(s): adv.: In an entire manner; wholly; completely; fully; as the trace is entirely lost.; adv.: Without alloy or mixture; truly; sincerely.
Found on page(s): [48]

consent - consent, Definition(s): v. i.: To agree in opinion or sentiment; to be of the same mind; to accord; to concur.; v. i.: To indicate or express a willingness; to yield to guidance persuasion or necessity; to give assent or approval; to comply.; v. t.: To grant; to allow; to assent to; to admit.; n.: Agreement in opinion or sentiment; the being of one mind; accord.; n.: Correspondence in parts qualities or operations; agreement; harmony; coherence.; n.: Voluntary accordance with or concurrence in what is done or proposed by another; acquiescence; compliance; approval; permission.; n.: Capable deliberate and voluntary assent or agreement to or concurrence in some act or purpose implying physical and mental power and free action.; n.: Sympathy. See Sympathy 4.
Found on page(s): [19, 68, 88]

rest. - rest., Definition(s): v. t.: To arrest.; n.: A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.; n.: Hence freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.; n.: Sleep; slumber; hence poetically death.; n.: That on which anything rests or leans for support; as a rest in a lathe for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.; n.: A projection from the right side of the cuirass serving to support the lance.; n.: A place where one may rest either temporarily as in an inn or permanently as in an abode.; n.: A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.; n.: The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.; n.: A set or game at tennis.; n.: Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are whole half quarteretc.; n.: To cease from action or motion especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.; n.: To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.; n.: To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as to rest on a couch.; n.: To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as a column rests on its pedestal.; n.: To sleep; to slumber; hence poetically to be dead.; n.: To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as to rest on a man's promise.; n.: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.; v. t.: To lay or place at rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To place as on a support; to cause to lean.; n.: That which is left or which remains after the separation of a part either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.; n.: Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.; n.: A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends etc.; in the Bank of England the balance of assets above liabilities.; v. i.: To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Found on page(s): [25, 77]

seventeenth - seventeenth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the sixteenth; coming after sixteen others.; a.: Constituting or being one of seventeen equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The next in order after the sixteenth; one coming after sixteen others.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by seventeen; one of seventeen equal parts or divisions of one whole.; n.: An interval of two octaves and a third.
Found on page(s): [17]

respect - respect, Definition(s): v. t.: To take notice of; to regard with special attention; to regard as worthy of special consideration; hence to care for; to heed.; v. t.: To consider worthy of esteem; to regard with honor.; v. t.: To look toward; to front upon or toward.; v. t.: To regard; to consider; to deem.; v. t.: To have regard to; to have reference to; to relate to; as the treaty particularly respects our commerce.; v.: The act of noticing with attention; the giving particular consideration to; hence care; caution.; v.: Esteem; regard; consideration; honor.; v.: An expression of respect of deference; regards; as to send one's respects to another.; v.: Reputation; repute.; v.: Relation; reference; regard.; v.: Particular; point regarded; point of view; as in this respect; in any respect; in all respects.; v.: Consideration; motive; interest.
Found on page(s): [6, 70, 96]

rest, - rest,, Definition(s): v. t.: To arrest.; n.: A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.; n.: Hence freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.; n.: Sleep; slumber; hence poetically death.; n.: That on which anything rests or leans for support; as a rest in a lathe for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.; n.: A projection from the right side of the cuirass serving to support the lance.; n.: A place where one may rest either temporarily as in an inn or permanently as in an abode.; n.: A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.; n.: The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.; n.: A set or game at tennis.; n.: Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are whole half quarteretc.; n.: To cease from action or motion especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.; n.: To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.; n.: To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as to rest on a couch.; n.: To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as a column rests on its pedestal.; n.: To sleep; to slumber; hence poetically to be dead.; n.: To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as to rest on a man's promise.; n.: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.; v. t.: To lay or place at rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To place as on a support; to cause to lean.; n.: That which is left or which remains after the separation of a part either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.; n.: Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.; n.: A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends etc.; in the Bank of England the balance of assets above liabilities.; v. i.: To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Found on page(s): [23, 78]

therefore - therefore, Definition(s): adv.: For that or this reason referring to something previously stated; for that.; adv.: Consequently; by consequence.
Found on page(s): [1, 6, 12, 13, 31, 43, 63, 64, 73, 75, 82, 89, 91, 97, 107]

exchange - exchange, Definition(s): n.: The act of giving or taking one thing in return for another which is regarded as an equivalent; as an exchange of cattle for grain.; n.: The act of substituting one thing in the place of another; as an exchange of grief for joy or of a scepter for a sword and the like; also the act of giving and receiving reciprocally; as an exchange of civilities or views.; n.: The thing given or received in return; esp. a publication exchanged for another.; n.: The process of setting accounts or debts between parties residing at a distance from each other without the intervention of money by exchanging orders or drafts called bills of exchange. These may be drawn in one country and payable in another in which case they are called foreign bills; or they may be drawn and made payable in the same country in which case they are called inland bills. The term bill of exchange is often abbreviated into exchange; as to buy or sell exchange.; n.: A mutual grant of equal interests the one in consideration of the other. Estates exchanged must be equal in quantity as fee simple for fee simple.; n.: The place where the merchants brokers and bankers of a city meet at certain hours to transact business. In this sense often contracted to 'Change.; n.: To part with give or transfer to another in consideration of something received as an equivalent; -- usually followed by for before the thing received.; n.: To part with for a substitute; to lay aside quit or resign (something being received in place of the thing parted with); as to exchange a palace for cell.; n.: To give and receive reciprocally as things of the same kind; to barter; to swap; as to exchange horses with a neighbor; to exchange houses or hats.; v. i.: To be changed or received in exchange for; to pass in exchange; as dollar exchanges for ten dimes.
Found on page(s): [10]

hesitate - hesitate, Definition(s): v. i.: To stop or pause respecting decision or action; to be in suspense or uncertainty as to a determination; as he hesitated whether to accept the offer or not; men often hesitate in forming a judgment.; v. i.: To stammer; to falter in speaking.; v. t.: To utter with hesitation or to intimate by a reluctant manner.
Found on page(s): [40, 58, 95]

trust - trust, Definition(s): n.: Assured resting of the mind on the integrity veracity justice friendship or other sound principle of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance.; n.: Credit given; especially delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as to sell or buy goods on trust.; n.: Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent as if present or actual; hope; belief.; n.: That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit.; n.: The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office.; n.: That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope.; n.: An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it or dispose of the profits at the will or for the benefit of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person who is termed the trustee for the benefit of another who is called the cestui que trust.; n.: An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities etc.; as a sugar trust.; a.: Held in trust; as trust property; trustmoney.; n.: To place confidence in; to rely on to confide or repose faith in; as we can not trust those who have deceived us.; n.: To give credence to; to believe; to credit.; n.: To hope confidently; to believe; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object.; n.: to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something.; n.: To commit as to one's care; to intrust.; n.: To give credit to; to sell to upon credit or in confidence of future payment; as merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods.; n.: To risk; to venture confidently.; v. i.: To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.; v. i.: To be confident as of something future; to hope.; v. i.: To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.
Found on page(s): [1, 35, 69, 70, 83]

income - income, Definition(s): n.: A coming in; entrance; admittance; ingress; infusion.; n.: That which is caused to enter; inspiration; influence; hence courage or zeal imparted.; n.: That gain which proceeds from labor business property or capital of any kind as the produce of a farm the rent of houses the proceeds of professional business the profits of commerce or of occupation or the interest of money or stock in funds etc.; revenue; receipts; salary; especially the annual receipts of a private person or a corporation from property; as a large income.; n.: That which is taken into the body as food; the ingesta; -- sometimes restricted to the nutritive or digestible portion of the food. See Food. Opposed to output.
Found on page(s): [6]

comprehensively - comprehensively, Definition(s): adv.: In a comprehensive manner; with great extent of scope.
Found on page(s): [62]

treachery - treachery, Definition(s): n.: Violation of allegiance or of faith and confidence; treasonable or perfidious conduct; perfidy; treason.
Found on page(s): [59]

peaceful - peaceful, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or enjoying peace; not disturbed by war tumult agitation anxiety or commotion; quiet; tranquil; as a peaceful time; a peaceful country; a peaceful end.; a.: Not disposed or tending to war tumult or agitation; pacific; mild; calm; peaceable; as peaceful words.
Found on page(s): [26, 44]

amity; - amity;, Definition(s): n.: Friendship in a general sense between individuals societies or nations; friendly relations; good understanding; as a treaty of amity and commerce; the amity of the Whigs and Tories.
Found on page(s): [67]

soldiery - soldiery, Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [4, 22, 38]

Republic - Republic, Definition(s): a.: Common weal.; a.: A state in which the sovereign power resides in the whole body of the people and is exercised by representatives elected by them; a commonwealth. Cf. Democracy 2.
Found on page(s): [18]

heresy. - heresy., Definition(s): n.: An opinion held in opposition to the established or commonly received doctrine and tending to promote a division or party as in politics literature philosophy etc.; -- usually but not necessarily said in reproach.; n.: Religious opinion opposed to the authorized doctrinal standards of any particular church especially when tending to promote schism or separation; lack of orthodox or sound belief; rejection of or erroneous belief in regard to some fundamental religious doctrine or truth; heterodoxy.; n.: An offense against Christianity consisting in a denial of some essential doctrine which denial is publicly avowed and obstinately maintained.
Found on page(s): [52]

prevent - prevent, Definition(s): v. t.: To go before; to precede; hence to go before as a guide; to direct.; v. t.: To be beforehand with; to anticipate.; v. t.: To intercept; to hinder; to frustrate; to stop; to thwart.; v. i.: To come before the usual time.
Found on page(s): [9]

behave - behave, Definition(s): v. t.: To manage or govern in point of behavior; to discipline; to handle; to restrain.; v. t.: To carry; to conduct; to comport; to manage; to bear; -- used reflexively.; v. i.: To act; to conduct; to bear or carry one's self; as to behave well or ill.
Found on page(s): [31]

securely, - securely,, Definition(s): adv.: In a secure manner; without fear or apprehension; without danger; safely.
Found on page(s): [64]

undo - undo, Definition(s): v. t.: To reverse as what has been done; to annul; to bring to naught.; v. t.: To loose; to open; to take to piece; to unfasten; to untie; hence to unravel; to solve; as to undo a knot; to undo a puzzling question; to undo a riddle.; v. t.: To bring to poverty; to impoverish; to ruin as in reputation morals hopes or the like; as many are undone by unavoidable losses but more undo themselves by vices and dissipation or by indolence.
Found on page(s): [105]

previously - previously, Definition(s): adv.: Beforehand; antecedently; as a plan previously formed.
Found on page(s): [98]

canonry - canonry, Definition(s): n. pl.: A benefice or prebend in a cathedral or collegiate church; a right to a place in chapter and to a portion of its revenues; the dignity or emoluments of a canon.
Found on page(s): [87]

ruin; - ruin;, Definition(s): n.: The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.; n.: Such a change of anything as destroys it or entirely defeats its object or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes.; n.: That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay; as his mind is a ruin; especially in the plural the remains of a destroyed dilapidated or desolate house fortress city or the like.; n.: The state of being dcayed or of having become ruined or worthless; as to be in ruins; to go to ruin.; n.: That which promotes injury decay or destruction.; n.: To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow.; v. i.: To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
Found on page(s): [45]

steadfast - steadfast, Definition(s): a.: Firmly fixed or established; fast fixed; firm.; a.: Not fickle or wavering; constant; firm; resolute; unswerving; steady.
Found on page(s): [16, 31, 70, 75]

false, - false,, Definition(s): superl.: Uttering falsehood; unveracious; given to deceit; dishnest; as a false witness.; superl.: Not faithful or loyal as to obligations allegiance vows etc.; untrue; treacherous; perfidious; as a false friend lover or subject; false to promises.; superl.: Not according with truth or reality; not true; fitted or likely to deceive or disappoint; as a false statement.; superl.: Not genuine or real; assumed or designed to deceive; counterfeit; hypocritical; as false tears; false modesty; false colors; false jewelry.; superl.: Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous; as a false claim; a false conclusion; a false construction in grammar.; superl.: Not essential or permanent as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental.; superl.: Not in tune.; adv.: Not truly; not honestly; falsely.; a.: To report falsely; to falsify.; a.: To betray; to falsify.; a.: To mislead by want of truth; to deceive.; a.: To feign; to pretend to make.
Found on page(s): [48]

truth - truth, Definition(s): n.: The quality or being true; as: -- (a) Conformity to fact or reality; exact accordance with that which is or has been; or shall be.; n.: Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example mood object of imitation or the like.; n.: Fidelity; constancy; steadfastness; faithfulness.; n.: The practice of speaking what is true; freedom from falsehood; veracity.; n.: That which is true or certain concerning any matter or subject or generally on all subjects; real state of things; fact; verity; reality.; n.: A true thing; a verified fact; a true statement or proposition; an established principle fixed law or the like; as the great truths of morals.; n.: Righteousness; true religion.; v. t.: To assert as true; to declare.
Found on page(s): [1, 9, 13, 44, 70]

conquest, - conquest,, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of conquering or acquiring by force; the act of overcoming or subduing opposition by force whether physical or moral; subjection; subjugation; victory.; n.: That which is conquered; possession gained by force physical or moral.; n.: The acquiring of property by other means than by inheritance; acquisition.; n.: The act of gaining or regaining by successful struggle; as the conquest of liberty or peace.
Found on page(s): [21]

ruin, - ruin,, Definition(s): n.: The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.; n.: Such a change of anything as destroys it or entirely defeats its object or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes.; n.: That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay; as his mind is a ruin; especially in the plural the remains of a destroyed dilapidated or desolate house fortress city or the like.; n.: The state of being dcayed or of having become ruined or worthless; as to be in ruins; to go to ruin.; n.: That which promotes injury decay or destruction.; n.: To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow.; v. i.: To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
Found on page(s): [9, 67]

pledge - pledge, Definition(s): n.: The transfer of possession of personal property from a debtor to a creditor as security for a debt or engagement; also the contract created between the debtor and creditor by a thing being so delivered or deposited forming a species of bailment; also that which is so delivered or deposited; something put in pawn.; n.: A person who undertook or became responsible for another; a bail; a surety; a hostage.; n.: A hypothecation without transfer of possession.; n.: Anything given or considered as a security for the performance of an act; a guarantee; as mutual interest is the best pledge for the performance of treaties.; n.: A promise or agreement by which one binds one's self to do or to refrain from doing something; especially a solemn promise in writing to refrain from using intoxicating liquors or the like; as to sign the pledge; the mayor had made no pledges.; n.: A sentiment to which assent is given by drinking one's health; a toast; a health.; n.: To deposit as a chattel in pledge or pawn; to leave in possession of another as security; as to pledge one's watch.; n.: To give or pass as a security; to guarantee; to engage; to plight; as to pledge one's word and honor.; n.: To secure performance of as by a pledge.; n.: To bind or engage by promise or declaration; to engage solemnly; as to pledge one's self.; n.: To invite another to drink by drinking of the cup first and then handing it to him as a pledge of good will; hence to drink the health of; to toast.
Found on page(s): [10, 51]

ruin. - ruin., Definition(s): n.: The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.; n.: Such a change of anything as destroys it or entirely defeats its object or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes.; n.: That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay; as his mind is a ruin; especially in the plural the remains of a destroyed dilapidated or desolate house fortress city or the like.; n.: The state of being dcayed or of having become ruined or worthless; as to be in ruins; to go to ruin.; n.: That which promotes injury decay or destruction.; n.: To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow.; v. i.: To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
Found on page(s): [23, 34, 59]

admired, - admired,, Definition(s): a.: Regarded with wonder and delight; highly prized; as an admired poem.; a.: Wonderful; also admirable.
Found on page(s): [15, 77]

rid - rid, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Ride v. i.; v. t.: To save; to rescue; to deliver; -- with out of.; v. t.: To free; to clear; to disencumber; -- followed by of.; v. t.: To drive away; to remove by effort or violence; to make away with; to destroy.; v. t.: To get over; to dispose of; to dispatch; to finish.; : of Ride.; : of Ride.
Found on page(s): [32, 94]

variation - variation, Definition(s): n.: The act of varying; a partial change in the form position state or qualities of a thing; modification; alternation; mutation; diversity; deviation; as a variation of color in different lights; a variation in size; variation of language.; n.: Extent to which a thing varies; amount of departure from a position or state; amount or rate of change.; n.: Change of termination of words as in declension conjugation derivation etc.; n.: Repetition of a theme or melody with fanciful embellishments or modifications in time tune or harmony or sometimes change of key; the presentation of a musical thought in new and varied aspects yet so that the essential features of the original shall still preserve their identity.; n.: One of the different arrangements which can be made of any number of quantities taking a certain number of them together.
Found on page(s): [78]

obedience - obedience, Definition(s): n.: The act of obeying or the state of being obedient; compliance with that which is required by authority; subjection to rightful restraint or control.; n.: Words or actions denoting submission to authority; dutifulness.; n.: A following; a body of adherents; as the Roman Catholic obedience or the whole body of persons who submit to the authority of the pope.; n.: A cell (or offshoot of a larger monastery) governed by a prior.; n.: One of the three monastic vows.; n.: The written precept of a superior in a religious order or congregation to a subject.
Found on page(s): [11, 20, 30, 39, 42, 79, 95, 96, 104]

defect - defect, Definition(s): n.: Want or absence of something necessary for completeness or perfection; deficiency; -- opposed to superfluity.; n.: Failing; fault; imperfection whether physical or moral; blemish; as a defect in the ear or eye; a defect in timber or iron; a defect of memory or judgment.; v. i.: To fail; to become deficient.; v. t.: To injure; to damage.
Found on page(s): [72, 78]

soldier, - soldier,, Definition(s): n.: One who is engaged in military service as an officer or a private; one who serves in an army; one of an organized body of combatants.; n.: Especially a private in military service as distinguished from an officer.; n.: A brave warrior; a man of military experience and skill or a man of distinguished valor; -- used by way of emphasis or distinction.; n.: The red or cuckoo gurnard (Trigla pini.; n.: One of the asexual polymorphic forms of white ants or termites in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest. See Termite.; v. i.: To serve as a soldier.; v. i.: To make a pretense of doing something or of performing any task.
Found on page(s): [88]

soldier. - soldier., Definition(s): n.: One who is engaged in military service as an officer or a private; one who serves in an army; one of an organized body of combatants.; n.: Especially a private in military service as distinguished from an officer.; n.: A brave warrior; a man of military experience and skill or a man of distinguished valor; -- used by way of emphasis or distinction.; n.: The red or cuckoo gurnard (Trigla pini.; n.: One of the asexual polymorphic forms of white ants or termites in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest. See Termite.; v. i.: To serve as a soldier.; v. i.: To make a pretense of doing something or of performing any task.
Found on page(s): [88]

punish - punish, Definition(s): v. t.: To impose a penalty upon; to afflict with pain loss or suffering for a crime or fault either with or without a view to the offender's amendment; to cause to suffer in retribution; to chasten; as to punish traitors with death; a father punishes his child for willful disobedience.; v. t.: To inflict a penalty for (an offense) upon the offender; to repay as a fault crime etc. with pain or loss; as to punish murder or treason with death.; v. t.: To injure as by beating; to pommel.
Found on page(s): [4, 59, 91]

decline - decline, Definition(s): v. i.: To bend or lean downward; to take a downward direction; to bend over or hang down as from weakness weariness despondency etc.; to condescend.; v. i.: To tend or draw towards a close decay or extinction; to tend to a less perfect state; to become diminished or impaired; to fail; to sink; to diminish; to lessen; as the day declines; virtue declines; religion declines; business declines.; v. i.: To turn or bend aside; to deviate; to stray; to withdraw; as a line that declines from straightness; conduct that declines from sound morals.; v. i.: To turn away; to shun; to refuse; -- the opposite of accept or consent; as he declined upon principle.; v. t.: To bend downward; to bring down; to depress; to cause to bend or fall.; v. t.: To cause to decrease or diminish.; v. t.: To put or turn aside; to turn off or away from; to refuse to undertake or comply with; reject; to shun; to avoid; as to decline an offer; to decline a contest; he declined any participation with them.; v. t.: To inflect or rehearse in order the changes of grammatical form of; as to decline a noun or an adjective.; v. t.: To run through from first to last; to repeat like a schoolboy declining a noun.; v. i.: A falling off; a tendency to a worse state; diminution or decay; deterioration; also the period when a thing is tending toward extinction or a less perfect state; as the decline of life; the decline of strength; the decline of virtue and religion.; v. i.: That period of a disorder or paroxysm when the symptoms begin to abate in violence; as the decline of a fever.; v. i.: A gradual sinking and wasting away of the physical faculties; any wasting disease esp. pulmonary consumption; as to die of a decline.
Found on page(s): [18, 42]

compass, - compass,, Definition(s): n.: A passing round; circuit; circuitous course.; n.: An inclosing limit; boundary; circumference; as within the compass of an encircling wall.; n.: An inclosed space; an area; extent.; n.: Extent; reach; sweep; capacity; sphere; as the compass of his eye; the compass of imagination.; n.: Moderate bounds limits of truth; moderation; due limits; -- used with within.; n.: The range of notes or tones within the capacity of a voice or instrument.; n.: An instrument for determining directions upon the earth's surface by means of a magnetized bar or needle turning freely upon a pivot and pointing in a northerly and southerly direction.; n.: A pair of compasses.; n.: A circle; a continent.; v. t.: To go about or entirely round; to make the circuit of.; v. t.: To inclose on all sides; to surround; to encircle; to environ; to invest; to besiege; -- used with about round around and round about.; v. t.: To reach round; to circumvent; to get within one's power; to obtain; to accomplish.; v. t.: To curve; to bend into a circular form.; v. t.: To purpose; to intend; to imagine; to plot.
Found on page(s): [55]

Catholic - Catholic, Definition(s): a.: Universal or general; as the catholic faith.; a.: Not narrow-minded partial or bigoted; liberal; as catholic tastes.; a.: Of or pertaining to or affecting the Roman Catholics; as the Catholic emancipation act.; n.: A person who accepts the creeds which are received in common by all parts of the orthodox Christian church.; n.: An adherent of the Roman Catholic church; a Roman Catholic.
Found on page(s): [52]

Florentine - Florentine, Definition(s): a.: Belonging or relating to Florence in Italy.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Florence a city in Italy.; n.: A kind of silk.; n.: A kind of pudding or tart; a kind of meat pie.
Found on page(s): [18, 47, 65, 93, 95, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101]

"Primo - "Primo, Definition(s): a.: First; chief.
Found on page(s): [37]

nothing - nothing, Definition(s): n.: Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.; n.: Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.; n.: A thing of no account value or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.; n.: A cipher; naught.; adv.: In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Found on page(s): [12, 15, 16, 30, 34, 35, 42, 47, 49, 51, 53, 55, 57, 67, 74, 77, 82, 87, 88, 102]

powerless. - powerless., Definition(s): a.: Destitute of power force or energy; weak; impotent; not able to produce any effect.
Found on page(s): [32]

fled, - fled,, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Flee.
Found on page(s): [39, 89]

STRENGTH - STRENGTH, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance whether physical intellectual or moral; force; vigor; power; as strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind of memory or of judgment.; n.: Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as the strength of a bone of a beam of a wall a rope and the like.; n.: Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.; n.: That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.; n.: One who or that which is regarded as embodying or affording force strength or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.; n.: Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.; n.: Intensity; -- said of light or color.; n.: Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors solutions etc.; as the strength of wine or of acids.; n.: A strong place; a stronghold.; v. t.: To strengthen.
Found on page(s): [30]

rebel, - rebel,, Definition(s): v. i.: Pertaining to rebels or rebellion; acting in revolt; rebellious; as rebel troops.; n.: One who rebels.; v. i.: To renounce and resist by force the authority of the ruler or government to which one owes obedience. See Rebellion.; v. i.: To be disobedient to authority; to assume a hostile or insubordinate attitude; to revolt.
Found on page(s): [96]

preceptor. - preceptor., Definition(s): n.: One who gives commands or makes rules; specifically the master or principal of a school; a teacher; an instructor.; n.: The head of a preceptory among the Knights Templars.
Found on page(s): [15]

keeping. - keeping., Definition(s): n.: A holding; restraint; custody; guard; charge; care; preservation.; n.: Maintenance; support; provision; feed; as the cattle have good keeping.; n.: Conformity; congruity; harmony; consistency; as these subjects are in keeping with each other.; n.: Harmony or correspondence between the different parts of a work of art; as the foreground of this painting is not in keeping.
Found on page(s): [17]

mighty - mighty, Definition(s): n.: Possessing might; having great power or authority.; n.: Accomplished by might; hence extraordinary; wonderful.; n.: Denoting and extraordinary degree or quality in respect of size character importance consequences etc.; n.: A warrior of great force and courage.; adv.: In a great degree; very.
Found on page(s): [87]

aid - aid, Definition(s): v. t.: To support either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist.; v. t.: Help; succor; assistance; relief.; v. t.: The person or thing that promotes or helps in something done; a helper; an assistant.; v. t.: A subsidy granted to the king by Parliament; also an exchequer loan.; v. t.: A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his lord on special occasions.; v. t.: An aid-de-camp so called by abbreviation; as a general's aid.
Found on page(s): [14, 25, 26, 27, 38, 66, 67, 78, 81, 93, 96, 99]

lukewarm - lukewarm, Definition(s): a.: Moderately warm; neither cold nor hot; tepid; not ardent; not zealous; cool; indifferent.
Found on page(s): [15, 36]

sundry - sundry, Definition(s): v. t.: Several; divers; more than one or two; various.; v. t.: Separate; diverse.
Found on page(s): [81]

aim - aim, Definition(s): v. i.: To point or direct a missile weapon or a weapon which propels as missile towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it; as to aim at a fox or at a target.; v. i.: To direct the indention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor; -- followed by at or by an infinitive; as to aim at distinction; to aim to do well.; v. i.: To guess or conjecture.; v. t.: To direct or point as a weapon at a particular object; to direct as a missile an act or a proceeding at to or against an object; as to aim a musket or an arrow the fist or a blow (at something); to aim a satire or a reflection (at some person or vice).; v. i.: The pointing of a weapon as a gun a dart or an arrow in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything as a spear a blow a discourse a remark towards a particular point or object with a view to strike or affect it.; v. i.: The point intended to be hit or object intended to be attained or affected.; v. i.: Intention; purpose; design; scheme.; v. i.: Conjecture; guess.
Found on page(s): [14, 42]

imprudent - imprudent, Definition(s): a.: Not prudent; wanting in prudence or discretion; indiscreet; injudicious; not attentive to consequence; improper.
Found on page(s): [92]

retain - retain, Definition(s): v. t.: To continue to hold; to keep in possession; not to lose part with or dismiss; to retrain from departure escape or the like.; v. t.: To keep in pay; to employ by a preliminary fee paid; to hire; to engage; as to retain a counselor.; v. t.: To restrain; to prevent.; v. i.: To belong; to pertain.; v. i.: To keep; to continue; to remain.
Found on page(s): [7, 8, 10, 13]

courage - courage, Definition(s): n.: The heart; spirit; temper; disposition.; n.: Heart; inclination; desire; will.; n.: That quality of mind which enables one to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness or without fear or fainting of heart; valor; boldness; resolution.
Found on page(s): [24, 54, 63, 79, 80, 81, 87, 88]

defeat - defeat, Definition(s): v. t.: To undo; to disfigure; to destroy.; v. t.: To render null and void as a title; to frustrate as hope; to deprive as of an estate.; v. t.: To overcome or vanquish as an army; to check disperse or ruin by victory; to overthrow.; v. t.: To resist with success; as to defeat an assault.; v.: An undoing or annulling; destruction.; v.: Frustration by rendering null and void or by prevention of success; as the defeat of a plan or design.; v.: An overthrow as of an army in battle; loss of a battle; repulse suffered; discomfiture; -- opposed to victory.
Found on page(s): [91, 98]

accommodate - accommodate, Definition(s): v. t.: To render fit suitable or correspondent; to adapt; to conform; as to accommodate ourselves to circumstances.; v. t.: To bring into agreement or harmony; to reconcile; to compose; to adjust; to settle; as to accommodate differences a dispute etc.; v. t.: To furnish with something desired needed or convenient; to favor; to oblige; as to accommodate a friend with a loan or with lodgings.; v. t.: To show the correspondence of; to apply or make suit by analogy; to adapt or fit as teachings to accidental circumstances statements to facts etc.; as to accommodate prophecy to events.; v. i.: To adapt one's self; to be conformable or adapted.; a.: Suitable; fit; adapted; as means accommodate to end.
Found on page(s): [75]

steadily - steadily, Definition(s): adv.: In a steady manner.
Found on page(s): [66]

yield - yield, Definition(s): v. t.: To give in return for labor expended; to produce as payment or interest on what is expended or invested; to pay; as money at interest yields six or seven per cent.; v. t.: To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.; v. t.: To give up as something that is claimed or demanded; to make over to one who has a claim or right; to resign; to surrender; to relinquish; as a city an opinion etc.; v. t.: To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.; v. t.: To permit; to grant; as to yield passage.; v. t.: To give a reward to; to bless.; v. i.: To give up the contest; to submit; to surrender; to succumb.; v. i.: To comply with; to assent; as I yielded to his request.; v. i.: To give way; to cease opposition; to be no longer a hindrance or an obstacle; as men readily yield to the current of opinion or to customs; the door yielded.; v. i.: To give place as inferior in rank or excellence; as they will yield to us in nothing.; n.: Amount yielded; product; -- applied especially to products resulting from growth or cultivation.
Found on page(s): [11, 30, 39, 42, 73, 78, 82, 88, 95]

firstly - firstly, Definition(s): adv.: In the first place; before anything else; -- sometimes improperly used for first.
Found on page(s): [74]

speak - speak, Definition(s): v. i.: To utter words or articulate sounds as human beings; to express thoughts by words; as the organs may be so obstructed that a man may not be able to speak.; v. i.: To express opinions; to say; to talk; to converse.; v. i.: To utter a speech discourse or harangue; to adress a public assembly formally.; v. i.: To discourse; to make mention; to tell.; v. i.: To give sound; to sound.; v. i.: To convey sentiments ideas or intelligence as if by utterance; as features that speak of self-will.; v. t.: To utter with the mouth; to pronounce; to utter articulately as human beings.; v. t.: To utter in a word or words; to say; to tell; to declare orally; as to speak the truth; to speak sense.; v. t.: To declare; to proclaim; to publish; to make known; to exhibit; to express in any way.; v. t.: To talk or converse in; to utter or pronounce as in conversation; as to speak Latin.; v. t.: To address; to accost; to speak to.
Found on page(s): [8, 15, 26, 30, 31, 32, 34, 62, 63, 86, 92]

ordinance - ordinance, Definition(s): n.: Orderly arrangement; preparation; provision.; n.: A rule established by authority; a permanent rule of action; a statute law regulation rescript or accepted usage; an edict or decree; esp. a local law enacted by a municipal government; as a municipal ordinance.; n.: An established rite or ceremony.; n.: Rank; order; station.; n.: Ordnance; cannon.
Found on page(s): [41]

anxiety, - anxiety,, Definition(s): n.: Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event future or uncertain which disturbs the mind and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness.; n.: Eager desire.; n.: A state of restlessness and agitation often with general indisposition and a distressing sense of oppression at the epigastrium.
Found on page(s): [98]

pontificate - pontificate, Definition(s): n.: The state or dignity of a high priest; specifically the office of the pope.; n.: The term of office of a pontiff.; v. i.: To perform the duty of a pontiff.
Found on page(s): [32, 33]

blushing - blushing, Definition(s): a.: Showing blushes; rosy red; having a warm and delicate color like some roses and other flowers; blooming; ruddy; roseate.; n.: The act of turning red; the appearance of a reddish color or flush upon the cheeks.
Found on page(s): [88]

circumspect - circumspect, Definition(s): a.: Attentive to all the circumstances of a case or the probable consequences of an action; cautious; prudent; wary.
Found on page(s): [75]

satisfaction - satisfaction, Definition(s): n.: The act of satisfying or the state of being satisfied; gratification of desire; contentment in possession and enjoyment; repose of mind resulting from compliance with its desires or demands.; n.: Settlement of a claim due or demand; payment; indemnification; adequate compensation.; n.: That which satisfies or gratifies; atonement.
Found on page(s): [57, 60, 66]

elsewhere. - elsewhere., Definition(s): adv.: In any other place; as these trees are not to be found elsewhere.; adv.: In some other place; in other places indefinitely; as it is reported in town and elsewhere.
Found on page(s): [36, 94]

avoid, - avoid,, Definition(s): a.: To empty.; a.: To emit or throw out; to void; as to avoid excretions.; a.: To quit or evacuate; to withdraw from.; a.: To make void; to annul or vacate; to refute.; a.: To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor no to meet; to shun; to abstain from; as to avoid the company of gamesters.; a.: To get rid of.; a.: To defeat or evade; to invalidate. Thus in a replication the plaintiff may deny the defendant's plea or confess it and avoid it by stating new matter.; v. i.: To retire; to withdraw.; v. i.: To become void or vacant.
Found on page(s): [38]

powerful - powerful, Definition(s): a.: Full of power; capable of producing great effects of any kind; potent; mighty; efficacious; intense; as a powerful man or beast; a powerful engine; a powerful argument; a powerful light; a powerful vessel.; a.: Large; capacious; -- said of veins of ore.
Found on page(s): [6, 10, 20, 21, 31, 62, 66, 67, 93]

removed - removed, Definition(s): a.: Changed in place.; a.: Dismissed from office.; a.: Distant in location; remote.; a.: Distant by degrees in relationship; as a cousin once removed.
Found on page(s): [96]

cite - cite, Definition(s): v. t.: To call upon officially or authoritatively to appear as before a court; to summon.; v. t.: To urge; to enjoin.; v. t.: To quote; to repeat as a passage from a book or the words of another.; v. t.: To refer to or specify as for support proof illustration or confirmation.; v. t.: To bespeak; to indicate.; v. t.: To notify of a proceeding in court.
Found on page(s): [40]

collectively, - collectively,, Definition(s): adv.: In a mass or body; in a collected state; in the aggregate; unitedly.
Found on page(s): [3, 70]

royal - royal, Definition(s): a.: Kingly; pertaining to the crown or the sovereign; suitable for a king or queen; regal; as royal power or prerogative; royal domains; the royal family; royal state.; a.: Noble; generous; magnificent; princely.; a.: Under the patronage of royality; holding a charter granted by the sovereign; as the Royal Academy of Arts; the Royal Society.; n.: Printing and writing papers of particular sizes. See under paper n.; n.: A small sail immediately above the topgallant sail.; n.: One of the upper or distal branches of an antler as the third and fourth tynes of the antlers of a stag.; n.: A small mortar.; n.: One of the soldiers of the first regiment of foot of the British army formerly called the Royals and supposed to be the oldest regular corps in Europe; -- now called the Royal Scots.; n.: An old English coin. See Rial.
Found on page(s): [87]

movement - movement, Definition(s): n.: The act of moving; change of place or posture; transference by any means from one situation to another; natural or appropriate motion; progress; advancement; as the movement of an army in marching or maneuvering; the movement of a wheel or a machine; the party of movement.; n.: Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion.; n.: Manner or style of moving; as a slow or quick or sudden movement.; n.: The rhythmical progression pace and tempo of a piece.; n.: One of the several strains or pieces each complete in itself with its own time and rhythm which make up a larger work; as the several movements of a suite or a symphony.; n.: A system of mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character or for transforming motion; as the wheelwork of a watch.
Found on page(s): [101]

knowingly - knowingly, Definition(s): adv.: With knowledge; in a knowing manner; intelligently; consciously; deliberately; as he would not knowingly offend.; adv.: By experience.
Found on page(s): [50]

governance - governance, Definition(s): n.: Exercise of authority; control; government; arrangement.
Found on page(s): [60, 102]

infamous - infamous, Definition(s): a.: Of very bad report; having a reputation of the worst kind; held in abhorrence; guilty of something that exposes to infamy; base; notoriously vile; detestable; as an infamous traitor; an infamous perjurer.; a.: Causing or producing infamy; deserving detestation; scandalous to the last degree; as an infamous act; infamous vices; infamous corruption.; a.: Branded with infamy by conviction of a crime; as at common law an infamous person can not be a witness.; a.: Having a bad name as being the place where an odious crime was committed or as being associated with something detestable; hence unlucky; perilous; dangerous.
Found on page(s): [23]

duke - duke, Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 40, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85]

blame. - blame., Definition(s): v. t.: To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach.; v. t.: To bring reproach upon; to blemish.; v.: An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure.; v.: That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin.; v.: Hurt; injury.
Found on page(s): [9]

father, - father,, Definition(s): n.: One who has begotten a child whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.; n.: A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural fathers ancestors.; n.: One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance affetionate care counsel or protection.; n.: A respectful mode of address to an old man.; n.: A senator of ancient Rome.; n.: A dignitary of the church a superior of a convent a confessor (called also father confessor) or a priest; also the eldest member of a profession or of a legislative assembly etc.; n.: One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as the Latin Greek or apostolic Fathers.; n.: One who or that which gives origin; an originator; a producer author or contriver; the first to practice any art profession or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.; n.: The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology the first person in the Trinity.; v. t.: To make one's self the father of; to beget.; v. t.: To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement policy etc.).; v. t.: To provide with a father.
Found on page(s): [18, 22, 36]

blame, - blame,, Definition(s): v. t.: To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach.; v. t.: To bring reproach upon; to blemish.; v.: An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure.; v.: That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin.; v.: Hurt; injury.
Found on page(s): [9]

inflict, - inflict,, Definition(s): v. t.: To give cause or produce by striking or as if by striking; to apply forcibly; to lay or impose; to send; to cause to bear feel or suffer; as to inflict blows; to inflict a wound with a dagger; to inflict severe pain by ingratitude; to inflict punishment on an offender; to inflict the penalty of death on a criminal.
Found on page(s): [26]

father. - father., Definition(s): n.: One who has begotten a child whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.; n.: A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural fathers ancestors.; n.: One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance affetionate care counsel or protection.; n.: A respectful mode of address to an old man.; n.: A senator of ancient Rome.; n.: A dignitary of the church a superior of a convent a confessor (called also father confessor) or a priest; also the eldest member of a profession or of a legislative assembly etc.; n.: One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as the Latin Greek or apostolic Fathers.; n.: One who or that which gives origin; an originator; a producer author or contriver; the first to practice any art profession or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.; n.: The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology the first person in the Trinity.; v. t.: To make one's self the father of; to beget.; v. t.: To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement policy etc.).; v. t.: To provide with a father.
Found on page(s): [87, 88, 92, 103]

sanguinary. - sanguinary., Definition(s): a.: Attended with much bloodshed; bloody; murderous; as a sanguinary war contest or battle.; a.: Bloodthirsty; cruel; eager to shed blood.; a.: The yarrow.; a.: The Sanguinaria.
Found on page(s): [98]

victualled - victualled, Definition(s): : of Victual.
Found on page(s): [100]

amongst - amongst, Definition(s): prep.: Mixed or mingled; surrounded by.; prep.: Conjoined or associated with or making part of the number of; in the number or class of.; prep.: Expressing a relation of dispersion distribution etc.; also a relation of reciprocal action.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 12, 14, 23, 26, 34, 63]

rear - rear, Definition(s): adv.: Early; soon.; n.: The back or hindmost part; that which is behind or last in order; -- opposed to front.; n.: Specifically the part of an army or fleet which comes last or is stationed behind the rest.; a.: Being behind or in the hindmost part; hindmost; as the rear rank of a company.; v. t.: To place in the rear; to secure the rear of.; v. t.: To raise; to lift up; to cause to rise become erect etc.; to elevate; as to rear a monolith.; v. t.: To erect by building; to set up; to construct; as to rear defenses or houses; to rear one government on the ruins of another.; v. t.: To lift and take up.; v. t.: To bring up to maturity as young; to educate; to instruct; to foster; as to rear offspring.; v. t.: To breed and raise; as to rear cattle.; v. t.: To rouse; to stir up.; v. i.: To rise up on the hind legs as a horse; to become erect.
Found on page(s): [98, 101]

particular, - particular,, Definition(s): a.: Relating to a part or portion of anything; concerning a part separated from the whole or from others of the class; separate; sole; single; individual; specific; as the particular stars of a constellation.; a.: Of or pertaining to a single person class or thing; belonging to one only; not general; not common; hence personal; peculiar; singular.; a.: Separate or distinct by reason of superiority; distinguished; important; noteworthy; unusual; special; as he brought no particular news; she was the particular belle of the party.; a.: Concerned with or attentive to details; minute; circumstantial; precise; as a full and particular account of an accident; hence nice; fastidious; as a man particular in his dress.; a.: Containing a part only; limited; as a particular estate or one precedent to an estate in remainder.; a.: Holding a particular estate; as a particular tenant.; a.: Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject; as a particular proposition; -- opposed to universal: e. g. (particular affirmative) Some men are wise; (particular negative) Some men are not wise.; n.: A separate or distinct member of a class or part of a whole; an individual fact point circumstance detail or item which may be considered separately; as the particulars of a story.; n.: Special or personal peculiarity trait or character; individuality; interest etc.; n.: One of the details or items of grounds of claim; -- usually in the pl.; also a bill of particulars; a minute account; as a particular of premises.
Found on page(s): [74]

wrong, - wrong,, Definition(s): : imp. of Wring. Wrung.; a.: Twisted; wry; as a wrong nose.; a.: Not according to the laws of good morals whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true; not legal; as a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires.; a.: Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect; as to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way.; a.: Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous; as a wrong statement.; a.: Designed to be worn or placed inward; as the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth.; adv.: In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly.; a.: That which is not right.; a.: Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right.; a.: Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error; as to be in the wrong.; a.: Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually an act that involves evil consequences as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right.; v. t.: To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure.; v. t.: To impute evil to unjustly; as if you suppose me capable of a base act you wrong me.
Found on page(s): [44]

behalf, - behalf,, Definition(s): n.: Advantage; favor; stead; benefit; interest; profit; support; defense; vindication.
Found on page(s): [94]

reap - reap, Definition(s): v. t.: To cut with a sickle scythe or reaping machine as grain; to gather as a harvest by cutting.; v. t.: To gather; to obtain; to receive as a reward or harvest or as the fruit of labor or of works; -- in a good or a bad sense; as to reap a benefit from exertions.; v. t.: To clear of a crop by reaping; as to reap a field.; v. t.: To deprive of the beard; to shave.; v. i.: To perform the act or operation of reaping; to gather a harvest.; v.: A bundle of grain; a handful of grain laid down by the reaper as it is cut.
Found on page(s): [39]

wanting; - wanting;, Definition(s): a.: Absent; lacking; missing; also deficient; destitute; needy; as one of the twelve is wanting; I shall not be wanting in exertion.
Found on page(s): [49]

PRINCIPALITY - PRINCIPALITY, Definition(s): n.: Sovereignty; supreme power; hence superiority; predominance; high or the highest station.; n.: A prince; one invested with sovereignty.; n.: The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as the principality of Wales.
Found on page(s): [23, 27]

SOLDIERY - SOLDIERY, Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [33]

discretion. - discretion., Definition(s): n.: Disjunction; separation.; n.: The quality of being discreet; wise conduct and management; cautious discernment especially as to matters of propriety and self-control; prudence; circumspection; wariness.; n.: Discrimination.; n.: Freedom to act according to one's own judgment; unrestrained exercise of choice or will.
Found on page(s): [36, 67]

applicable - applicable, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being applied; fit or suitable to be applied; having relevance; as this observation is applicable to the case under consideration.
Found on page(s): [40]

touch - touch, Definition(s): v. t.: To come in contact with; to hit or strike lightly against; to extend the hand foot or the like so as to reach or rest on.; v. t.: To perceive by the sense of feeling.; v. t.: To come to; to reach; to attain to.; v. t.: To try; to prove as with a touchstone.; v. t.: To relate to; to concern; to affect.; v. t.: To handle speak of or deal with; to treat of.; v. t.: To meddle or interfere with; as I have not touched the books.; v. t.: To affect the senses or the sensibility of; to move; to melt; to soften.; v. t.: To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush.; v. t.: To infect; to affect slightly.; v. t.: To make an impression on; to have effect upon.; v. t.: To strike; to manipulate; to play on; as to touch an instrument of music.; v. t.: To perform as a tune; to play.; v. t.: To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly.; v. t.: To harm afflict or distress.; v. t.: To affect with insanity especially in a slight degree; to make partially insane; -- rarely used except in the past participle.; v. t.: To be tangent to. See Tangent a.; a.: To lay a hand upon for curing disease.; v. i.: To be in contact; to be in a state of junction so that no space is between; as two spheres touch only at points.; v. i.: To fasten; to take effect; to make impression.; v. i.: To treat anything in discourse especially in a slight or casual manner; -- often with on or upon.; v. i.: To be brought as a sail so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.; v.: The act of touching or the state of being touched; contact.; v.: The sense by which pressure or traction exerted on the skin is recognized; the sense by which the properties of bodies are determined by contact; the tactile sense. See Tactile sense under Tactile.; v.: Act or power of exciting emotion.; v.: An emotion or affection.; v.: Personal reference or application.; v.: A stroke; as a touch of raillery; a satiric touch; hence animadversion; censure; reproof.; v.: A single stroke on a drawing or a picture.; v.: Feature; lineament; trait.; v.: The act of the hand on a musical instrument; bence in the plural musical notes.; v.: A small quantity intermixed; a little; a dash.; v.: A hint; a suggestion; slight notice.; v.: A slight and brief essay.; v.: A touchstone; hence stone of the sort used for touchstone.; v.: Hence examination or trial by some decisive standard; test; proof; tried quality.; v.: The particular or characteristic mode of action or the resistance of the keys of an instrument to the fingers; as a heavy touch or a light touch; also the manner of touching striking or pressing the keys of a piano; as a legato touch; a staccato touch.; v.: The broadest part of a plank worked top and but (see Top and but under Top n.) or of one worked anchor-stock fashion (that is tapered from the middle to both ends); also the angles of the stern timbers at the counters.; n.: That part of the field which is beyond the line of flags on either side.; n.: A boys' game; tag.
Found on page(s): [53]

discretion, - discretion,, Definition(s): n.: Disjunction; separation.; n.: The quality of being discreet; wise conduct and management; cautious discernment especially as to matters of propriety and self-control; prudence; circumspection; wariness.; n.: Discrimination.; n.: Freedom to act according to one's own judgment; unrestrained exercise of choice or will.
Found on page(s): [67, 87]

expense - expense, Definition(s): n.: A spending or consuming; disbursement; expenditure.; n.: That which is expended laid out or consumed; cost; outlay; charge; -- sometimes with the notion of loss or damage to those on whom the expense falls; as the expenses of war; an expense of time.; n.: Loss.
Found on page(s): [5]

ONE'S - ONE'S, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [14, 38]

contemporary - contemporary, Definition(s): a.: Living occuring or existing at the same time; done in or belonging to the same times; contemporaneous.; a.: Of the same age; coeval.; n.: One who lives at the same time with another; as Petrarch and Chaucer were contemporaries.
Found on page(s): [1]

woman, - woman,, Definition(s): n.: An adult female person; a grown-up female person as distinguished from a man or a child; sometimes any female person.; n.: The female part of the human race; womankind.; n.: A female attendant or servant.; v. t.: To act the part of a woman in; -- with indefinite it.; v. t.: To make effeminate or womanish.; v. t.: To furnish with or unite to a woman.
Found on page(s): [75, 105]

badly - badly, Definition(s): adv.: In a bad manner; poorly; not well; unskillfully; imperfectly; unfortunately; grievously; so as to cause harm; disagreeably; seriously.
Found on page(s): [26]

rob - rob, Definition(s): n.: The inspissated juice of ripe fruit obtained by evaporation of the juice over a fire till it acquires the consistence of a sirup. It is sometimes mixed with honey or sugar.; v. t.: To take (something) away from by force; to strip by stealing; to plunder; to pillage; to steal from.; v. t.: To take the property of (any one) from his person or in his presence feloniously and against his will by violence or by putting him in fear.; v. t.: To deprive of or withhold from unjustly or injuriously; to defraud; as to rob one of his rest or of his good name; a tree robs the plants near it of sunlight.; v. i.: To take that which belongs to another without right or permission esp. by violence.
Found on page(s): [19, 46, 89]

baseness - baseness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or condition of being base; degradation; vileness.
Found on page(s): [49, 85]

accession - accession, Definition(s): n.: A coming to; the act of acceding and becoming joined; as a king's accession to a confederacy.; n.: Increase by something added; that which is added; augmentation from without; as an accession of wealth or territory.; n.: A mode of acquiring property by which the owner of a corporeal substance which receives an addition by growth or by labor has a right to the part or thing added or the improvement (provided the thing is not changed into a different species). Thus the owner of a cow becomes the owner of her calf.; n.: The act by which one power becomes party to engagements already in force between other powers.; n.: The act of coming to or reaching a throne an office or dignity; as the accession of the house of Stuart; -- applied especially to the epoch of a new dynasty.; n.: The invasion approach or commencement of a disease; a fit or paroxysm.
Found on page(s): [60]

object; - object;, Definition(s): v. t.: To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.; v. t.: To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason.; v. i.: To make opposition in words or argument; -- usually followed by to.; v. t.: That which is put or which may be regarded as put in the way of some of the senses; something visible or tangible; as he observed an object in the distance; all the objects in sight; he touched a strange object in the dark.; v. t.: That which is set or which may be regarded as set before the mind so as to be apprehended or known; that of which the mind by any of its activities takes cognizance whether a thing external in space or a conception formed by the mind itself; as an object of knowledge wonder fear thought study etc.; v. t.: That by which the mind or any of its activities is directed; that on which the purpose are fixed as the end of action or effort; that which is sought for; end; aim; motive; final cause.; v. t.: Sight; show; appearance; aspect.; v. t.: A word phrase or clause toward which an action is directed or is considered to be directed; as the object of a transitive verb.; a.: Opposed; presented in opposition; also exposed.
Found on page(s): [87]

rebellious - rebellious, Definition(s): a.: Engaged in rebellion; disposed to rebel; of the nature of rebels or of rebellion; resisting government or lawful authority by force.
Found on page(s): [4]

weakness - weakness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being weak; want of strength or firmness; lack of vigor; want of resolution or of moral strength; feebleness.; n.: That which is a mark of lack of strength or resolution; a fault; a defect.
Found on page(s): [63]

cleverness - cleverness, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being clever; skill; dexterity; adroitness.
Found on page(s): [82]

sternness - sternness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being stern.
Found on page(s): [20]

fault, - fault,, Definition(s): n.: Defect; want; lack; default.; n.: Anything that fails that is wanting or that impairs excellence; a failing; a defect; a blemish.; n.: A moral failing; a defect or dereliction from duty; a deviation from propriety; an offense less serious than a crime.; n.: A dislocation of the strata of the vein.; n.: In coal seams coal rendered worthless by impurities in the seam; as slate fault dirt fault etc.; n.: A lost scent; act of losing the scent.; n.: Failure to serve the ball into the proper court.; v. t.: To charge with a fault; to accuse; to find fault with; to blame.; v. t.: To interrupt the continuity of (rock strata) by displacement along a plane of fracture; -- chiefly used in the p. p.; as the coal beds are badly faulted.; v. i.: To err; to blunder to commit a fault; to do wrong.
Found on page(s): [18]

dissembler - dissembler, Definition(s): n.: One who dissembles; one who conceals his opinions or dispositions under a false appearance; a hypocrite.
Found on page(s): [81]

saying - saying, Definition(s): n.: That which is said; a declaration; a statement especially a proverbial one; an aphorism; a proverb.
Found on page(s): [25, 40, 60, 79, 94, 95, 106]

universal - universal, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the universe; extending to including or affecting the whole number quantity or space; unlimited; general; all-reaching; all-pervading; as universal ruin; universal good; universal benevolence or benefice.; a.: Constituting or considered as a whole; total; entire; whole; as the universal world.; a.: Adapted or adaptable to all or to various uses shapes sizes etc.; as a universal milling machine.; a.: Forming the whole of a genus; relatively unlimited in extension; affirmed or denied of the whole of a subject; as a universal proposition; -- opposed to particular; e. g. (universal affirmative) All men are animals; (universal negative) No men are omniscient.; n.: The whole; the general system of the universe; the universe.; n.: A general abstract conception so called from being universally applicable to or predicable of each individual or species contained under it.; n.: A universal proposition. See Universal a. 4.
Found on page(s): [89]

fifteen - fifteen, Definition(s): a.: Five and ten; one more than fourteen.; n.: The sum of five and ten; fifteen units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing fifteen units as 15 or xv.
Found on page(s): [61, 83]

volume, - volume,, Definition(s): n.: A roll; a scroll; a written document rolled up for keeping or for use after the manner of the ancients.; n.: Hence a collection of printed sheets bound together whether containing a single work or a part of a work or more than one work; a book; a tome; especially that part of an extended work which is bound up together in one cover; as a work in four volumes.; n.: Anything of a rounded or swelling form resembling a roll; a turn; a convolution; a coil.; n.: Dimensions; compass; space occupied as measured by cubic units that is cubic inches feet yards etc.; mass; bulk; as the volume of an elephant's body; a volume of gas.; n.: Amount fullness quantity or caliber of voice or tone.
Found on page(s): [1]

deliberately - deliberately, Definition(s): adv.: With careful consideration or deliberation; circumspectly; warily; not hastily or rashly; slowly; as a purpose deliberately formed.
Found on page(s): [24, 59, 92]

universe." - universe.", Definition(s): n.: All created things viewed as constituting one system or whole; the whole body of things or of phenomena; the / / of the Greeks the mundus of the Latins; the world; creation.
Found on page(s): [73]

Bacon: - Bacon:, Definition(s): n.: The back and sides of a pig salted and smoked; formerly the flesh of a pig salted or fresh.
Found on page(s): [35]

ladder - ladder, Definition(s): v. i.: A frame usually portable of wood metal or rope for ascent and descent consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened cross strips or rounds forming steps.; v. i.: That which resembles a ladder in form or use; hence that by means of which one attains to eminence.
Found on page(s): [63]

untie - untie, Definition(s): v. t.: To loosen as something interlaced or knotted; to disengage the parts of; as to untie a knot.; v. t.: To free from fastening or from restraint; to let loose; to unbind.; v. t.: To resolve; to unfold; to clear.; v. i.: To become untied or loosed.
Found on page(s): [105]

reason - reason, Definition(s): n.: A thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; a just ground for a conclusion or an action; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation; the efficient cause of an occurrence or a phenomenon; a motive for an action or a determination; proof more or less decisive for an opinion or a conclusion; principle; efficient cause; final cause; ground of argument.; n.: The faculty or capacity of the human mind by which it is distinguished from the intelligence of the inferior animals; the higher as distinguished from the lower cognitive faculties sense imagination and memory and in contrast to the feelings and desires. Reason comprises conception judgment reasoning and the intuitional faculty. Specifically it is the intuitional faculty or the faculty of first truths as distinguished from the understanding which is called the discursive or ratiocinative faculty.; n.: Due exercise of the reasoning faculty; accordance with or that which is accordant with and ratified by the mind rightly exercised; right intellectual judgment; clear and fair deductions from true principles; that which is dictated or supported by the common sense of mankind; right conduct; right; propriety; justice.; n.: Ratio; proportion.; n.: To exercise the rational faculty; to deduce inferences from premises; to perform the process of deduction or of induction; to ratiocinate; to reach conclusions by a systematic comparison of facts.; n.: Hence: To carry on a process of deduction or of induction in order to convince or to confute; to formulate and set forth propositions and the inferences from them; to argue.; n.: To converse; to compare opinions.; v. t.: To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss; as I reasoned the matter with my friend.; v. t.: To support with reasons as a request.; v. t.: To persuade by reasoning or argument; as to reason one into a belief; to reason one out of his plan.; v. t.: To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons; -- with down; as to reason down a passion.; v. t.: To find by logical processes; to explain or justify by reason or argument; -- usually with out; as to reason out the causes of the librations of the moon.
Found on page(s): [14, 22, 32, 33, 34, 36, 37, 52, 54, 56, 57, 61, 63, 64, 78, 81, 86, 89, 94, 96, 99, 100, 103, 106]

Turk, - Turk,, Definition(s): n.: A member of any of numerous Tartar tribes of Central Asia etc.; esp. one of the dominant race in Turkey.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Turkey.; n.: A Mohammedan; esp. one living in Turkey.; n.: The plum weevil. See Curculio and Plum weevil under Plum.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 61]

copiously - copiously, Definition(s): adv.: In a copious manner.
Found on page(s): [23]

taste - taste, Definition(s): v. t.: To try by the touch; to handle; as to taste a bow.; v. t.: To try by the touch of the tongue; to perceive the relish or flavor of (anything) by taking a small quantity into a mouth. Also used figuratively.; v. t.: To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of.; v. t.: To become acquainted with by actual trial; to essay; to experience; to undergo.; v. t.: To partake of; to participate in; -- usually with an implied sense of relish or pleasure.; v. i.: To try food with the mouth; to eat or drink a little only; to try the flavor of anything; as to taste of each kind of wine.; v. i.: To have a smack; to excite a particular sensation by which the specific quality or flavor is distinguished; to have a particular quality or character; as this water tastes brackish; the milk tastes of garlic.; v. i.: To take sparingly.; v. i.: To have perception experience or enjoyment; to partake; as to taste of nature's bounty.; n.: The act of tasting; gustation.; n.: A particular sensation excited by the application of a substance to the tongue; the quality or savor of any substance as perceived by means of the tongue; flavor; as the taste of an orange or an apple; a bitter taste; an acid taste; a sweet taste.; n.: The one of the five senses by which certain properties of bodies (called their taste savor flavor) are ascertained by contact with the organs of taste.; n.: Intellectual relish; liking; fondness; -- formerly with of now with for; as he had no taste for study.; n.: The power of perceiving and relishing excellence in human performances; the faculty of discerning beauty order congruity proportion symmetry or whatever constitutes excellence particularly in the fine arts and belles-letters; critical judgment; discernment.; n.: Manner with respect to what is pleasing refined or in accordance with good usage; style; as music composed in good taste; an epitaph in bad taste.; n.: Essay; trial; experience; experiment.; n.: A small portion given as a specimen; a little piece tastted of eaten; a bit.; n.: A kind of narrow and thin silk ribbon.
Found on page(s): [36]

prosecution - prosecution, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of prosecuting or of endeavoring to gain or accomplish something; pursuit by efforts of body or mind; as the prosecution of a scheme plan design or undertaking; the prosecution of war.; n.: The institution and carrying on of a suit in a court of law or equity to obtain some right or to redress and punish some wrong; the carrying on of a judicial proceeding in behalf of a complaining party as distinguished from defense.; n.: The institution or commencement and continuance of a criminal suit; the process of exhibiting formal charges against an offender before a legal tribunal and pursuing them to final judgment on behalf of the state or government as by indictment or information.; n.: The party by whom criminal proceedings are instituted.
Found on page(s): [102]

benefit, - benefit,, Definition(s): n.: An act of kindness; a favor conferred.; n.: Whatever promotes prosperity and personal happiness or adds value to property; advantage; profit.; n.: A theatrical performance a concert or the like the proceeds of which do not go to the lessee of the theater or to the company but to some individual actor or to some charitable use.; n.: Beneficence; liberality.; n.: Natural advantages; endowments; accomplishments.; v. t.: To be beneficial to; to do good to; to advantage; to advance in health or prosperity; to be useful to; to profit.; v. i.: To gain advantage; to make improvement; to profit; as he will benefit by the change.
Found on page(s): [4]

cunning; - cunning;, Definition(s): a.: Knowing; skillful; dexterous.; a.: Wrought with or exhibiting skill or ingenuity; ingenious; curious; as cunning work.; a.: Crafty; sly; artful; designing; deceitful.; a.: Pretty or pleasing; as a cunning little boy.; a.: Knowledge; art; skill; dexterity.; a.: The faculty or act of using stratagem to accomplish a purpose; fraudulent skill or dexterity; deceit; craft.
Found on page(s): [45]

Mall - Mall, Definition(s): n.: A large heavy wooden beetle; a mallet for driving anything with force; a maul.; n.: A heavy blow.; n.: An old game played with malls or mallets and balls. See Pall-mall.; n.: A place where the game of mall was played. Hence: A public walk; a level shaded walk.; v. t.: To beat with a mall; to beat with something heavy; to bruise; to maul.; n.: Formerly among Teutonic nations a meeting of the notables of a state for the transaction of public business such meeting being a modification of the ancient popular assembly.; n.: A court of justice.; n.: A place where justice is administered.; n.: A place where public meetings are held.
Found on page(s): [42]

exalted - exalted, Definition(s): a.: Raised to lofty height; elevated; extolled; refined; dignified; sublime.
Found on page(s): [32]

testify - testify, Definition(s): v. i.: To make a solemn declaration verbal or written to establish some fact; to give testimony for the purpose of communicating to others a knowledge of something not known to them.; v. i.: To make a solemn declaration under oath or affirmation for the purpose of establishing or making proof of some fact to a court; to give testimony in a cause depending before a tribunal.; v. i.: To declare a charge; to protest; to give information; to bear witness; -- with against.; v. t.: To bear witness to; to support the truth of by testimony; to affirm or declare solemny.; v. t.: To affirm or declare under oath or affirmation before a tribunal in order to prove some fact.; adv.: In a testy manner; fretfully; peevishly; with petulance.
Found on page(s): [107]

goodness - goodness, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being good in any of its various senses; excellence; virtue; kindness; benevolence; as the goodness of timber of a soil of food; goodness of character of disposition of conduct etc.
Found on page(s): [33]

devoted - devoted, Definition(s): a.: Consecrated to a purpose; strongly attached; zealous; devout; as a devoted admirer.
Found on page(s): [23, 28, 66]

decline, - decline,, Definition(s): v. i.: To bend or lean downward; to take a downward direction; to bend over or hang down as from weakness weariness despondency etc.; to condescend.; v. i.: To tend or draw towards a close decay or extinction; to tend to a less perfect state; to become diminished or impaired; to fail; to sink; to diminish; to lessen; as the day declines; virtue declines; religion declines; business declines.; v. i.: To turn or bend aside; to deviate; to stray; to withdraw; as a line that declines from straightness; conduct that declines from sound morals.; v. i.: To turn away; to shun; to refuse; -- the opposite of accept or consent; as he declined upon principle.; v. t.: To bend downward; to bring down; to depress; to cause to bend or fall.; v. t.: To cause to decrease or diminish.; v. t.: To put or turn aside; to turn off or away from; to refuse to undertake or comply with; reject; to shun; to avoid; as to decline an offer; to decline a contest; he declined any participation with them.; v. t.: To inflect or rehearse in order the changes of grammatical form of; as to decline a noun or an adjective.; v. t.: To run through from first to last; to repeat like a schoolboy declining a noun.; v. i.: A falling off; a tendency to a worse state; diminution or decay; deterioration; also the period when a thing is tending toward extinction or a less perfect state; as the decline of life; the decline of strength; the decline of virtue and religion.; v. i.: That period of a disorder or paroxysm when the symptoms begin to abate in violence; as the decline of a fever.; v. i.: A gradual sinking and wasting away of the physical faculties; any wasting disease esp. pulmonary consumption; as to die of a decline.
Found on page(s): [41]

mount - mount, Definition(s): v.: A mass of earth or earth and rock rising considerably above the common surface of the surrounding land; a mountain; a high hill; -- used always instead of mountain when put before a proper name; as Mount Washington; otherwise chiefly in poetry.; v.: A bulwark for offense or defense; a mound.; v.: A bank; a fund.; n.: To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; -- often with up.; n.: To get up on anything as a platform or scaffold; especially to seat one's self on a horse for riding.; n.: To attain in value; to amount.; v. t.: To get upon; to ascend; to climb.; v. t.: To place one's self on as a horse or other animal or anything that one sits upon; to bestride.; v. t.: To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding; to furnish with horses.; v. t.: Hence: To put upon anything that sustains and fits for use as a gun on a carriage a map or picture on cloth or paper; to prepare for being worn or otherwise used as a diamond by setting or a sword blade by adding the hilt scabbard etc.; v. t.: To raise aloft; to lift on high.; v.: A horse.; v.: The cardboard or cloth on which a drawing photograph or the like is mounted; a mounting.
Found on page(s): [63, 100]

demand - demand, Definition(s): v. t.: To ask or call for with authority; to claim or seek from as by authority or right; to claim as something due; to call for urgently or peremptorily; as to demand a debt; to demand obedience.; v. t.: To inquire authoritatively or earnestly; to ask esp. in a peremptory manner; to question.; v. t.: To require as necessary or useful; to be in urgent need of; hence to call for; as the case demands care.; v. t.: To call into court; to summon.; v. i.: To make a demand; to inquire.; v. t.: The act of demanding; an asking with authority; a peremptory urging of a claim; a claiming or challenging as due; requisition; as the demand of a creditor; a note payable on demand.; v. t.: Earnest inquiry; question; query.; v. t.: A diligent seeking or search; manifested want; desire to possess; request; as a demand for certain goods; a person's company is in great demand.; v. t.: That which one demands or has a right to demand; thing claimed as due; claim; as demands on an estate.; v. t.: The asking or seeking for what is due or claimed as due.; v. t.: The right or title in virtue of which anything may be claimed; as to hold a demand against a person.; v. t.: A thing or amount claimed to be due.
Found on page(s): [67, 91, 106]

letter - letter, Definition(s): n.: One who lets or permits; one who lets anything for hire.; n.: One who retards or hinders.; n.: A mark or character used as the representative of a sound or of an articulation of the human organs of speech; a first element of written language.; n.: A written or printed communication; a message expressed in intelligible characters on something adapted to conveyance as paper parchment etc.; an epistle.; n.: A writing; an inscription.; n.: Verbal expression; literal statement or meaning; exact signification or requirement.; n.: A single type; type collectively; a style of type.; n.: Learning; erudition; as a man of letters.; n.: A letter; an epistle.; v. t.: To impress with letters; to mark with letters or words; as a book gilt and lettered.
Found on page(s): [65]

hereditary, - hereditary,, Definition(s): a.: Descended or capable of descending from an ancestor to an heir at law; received or passing by inheritance or that must pass by inheritance; as an hereditary estate or crown.; a.: Transmitted or capable of being transmitted as a constitutional quality or condition from a parent to a child; as hereditary pride bravery disease.
Found on page(s): [2]

corruption - corruption, Definition(s): n.: The act of corrupting or making putrid or state of being corrupt or putrid; decomposition or disorganization in the process of putrefaction; putrefaction; deterioration.; n.: The product of corruption; putrid matter.; n.: The act of corrupting or of impairing integrity virtue or moral principle; the state of being corrupted or debased; loss of purity or integrity; depravity; wickedness; impurity; bribery.; n.: The act of changing or of being changed for the worse; departure from what is pure simple or correct; as a corruption of style; corruption in language.
Found on page(s): [17]

childhood: - childhood:, Definition(s): n.: The state of being a child; the time in which persons are children; the condition or time from infancy to puberty.; n.: Children taken collectively.; n.: The commencement; the first period.
Found on page(s): [55]

accuse - accuse, Definition(s): n.: Accusation.; v. t.: to charge with an offense judicially or by a public process; -- with of; as to accuse one of a high crime or misdemeanor.; v. t.: To charge with a fault; to blame; to censure.; v. t.: To betray; to show. [L.
Found on page(s): [72]

similarly, - similarly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a similar manner.
Found on page(s): [74]

frequently - frequently, Definition(s): adv.: At frequent or short intervals; many times; often; repeatedly; commonly.
Found on page(s): [50]

acquire - acquire, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain usually by one's own exertions; to get as one's own; as to acquire a title riches knowledge skill good or bad habits.
Found on page(s): [9, 15, 25, 34, 42]

worth - worth, Definition(s): v. i.: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases woe worth the day woe worth the man etc. in which the verb is in the imperative and the nouns day man etc. are in the dative. Woe be to the day woe be to the man etc. are equivalent phrases.; a.: Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also worth while.; a.: Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be exchanged for.; a.: Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense but chiefly in a good sense.; a.: Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value of.; a.: That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value; hence often value as expressed in a standard as money; equivalent in exchange; price.; a.: Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence; virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as a man or magistrate of great worth.
Found on page(s): [17]

freely, - freely,, Definition(s): adv.: In a free manner; without restraint or compulsion; abundantly; gratuitously.
Found on page(s): [62]

extortion, - extortion,, Definition(s): n.: The act of extorting; the act or practice of wresting anything from a person by force by threats or by any undue exercise of power; undue exaction; overcharge.; n.: The offense committed by an officer who corruptly claims and takes as his fee money or other thing of value that is not due or more than is due or before it is due.; n.: That which is extorted or exacted by force.
Found on page(s): [47]

varying - varying, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Vary.
Found on page(s): [70]

confusion. - confusion., Definition(s): n.: The state of being mixed or blended so as to produce indistinctness or error; indistinct combination; disorder; tumult.; n.: The state of being abashed or disconcerted; loss self-possession; perturbation; shame.; n.: Overthrow; defeat; ruin.; n.: One who confuses; a confounder.
Found on page(s): [97, 100]

grace - grace, Definition(s): n.: The exercise of love kindness mercy favor; disposition to benefit or serve another; favor bestowed or privilege conferred.; n.: The divine favor toward man; the mercy of God as distinguished from His justice; also any benefits His mercy imparts; divine love or pardon; a state of acceptance with God; enjoyment of the divine favor.; n.: The prerogative of mercy execised by the executive as pardon.; n.: The same prerogative when exercised in the form of equitable relief through chancery.; n.: Fortune; luck; -- used commonly with hard or sorry when it means misfortune.; n.: Inherent excellence; any endowment or characteristic fitted to win favor or confer pleasure or benefit.; n.: Beauty physical intellectual or moral; loveliness; commonly easy elegance of manners; perfection of form.; n.: Graceful and beautiful females sister goddesses represented by ancient writers as the attendants sometimes of Apollo but oftener of Venus. They were commonly mentioned as three in number; namely Aglaia Euphrosyne and Thalia and were regarded as the inspirers of the qualities which give attractiveness to wisdom love and social intercourse.; n.: The title of a duke a duchess or an archbishop and formerly of the king of England.; n.: Thanks.; n.: A petition for grace; a blessing asked or thanks rendered before or after a meal.; n.: Ornamental notes or short passages either introduced by the performer or indicated by the composer in which case the notation signs are called grace notes appeggiaturas turns etc.; n.: An act vote or decree of the government of the institution; a degree or privilege conferred by such vote or decree.; n.: A play designed to promote or display grace of motion. It consists in throwing a small hoop from one player to another by means of two sticks in the hands of each. Called also grace hoop or hoops.; v. t.: To adorn; to decorate; to embellish and dignify.; v. t.: To dignify or raise by an act of favor; to honor.; v. t.: To supply with heavenly grace.; v. t.: To add grace notes cadenzas etc. to.
Found on page(s): [11, 56]

came - came, Definition(s): : imp. of Come.; n.: A slender rod of cast lead with or without grooves used in casements and stained-glass windows to hold together the panes or pieces of glass.
Found on page(s): [17, 19, 24, 33, 34, 35, 38, 39, 55, 57, 58, 61, 64, 66, 73, 80, 81, 83, 84, 89, 90, 92, 95, 97, 103, 105, 106]

patience - patience, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being patient; the power of suffering with fortitude; uncomplaining endurance of evils or wrongs as toil pain poverty insult oppression calamity etc.; n.: The act or power of calmly or contentedly waiting for something due or hoped for; forbearance.; n.: Constancy in labor or application; perseverance.; n.: Sufferance; permission.; n.: A kind of dock (Rumex Patientia) less common in America than in Europe; monk's rhubarb.; n.: Solitaire.
Found on page(s): [104]

captive - captive, Definition(s): n.: A prisoner taken by force or stratagem esp. by an enemy in war; one kept in bondage or in the power of another.; n.: One charmed or subdued by beaty excellence or affection; one who is captivated.; a.: Made prisoner especially in war; held in bondage or in confinement.; a.: Subdued by love; charmed; captivated.; a.: Of or pertaining to bondage or confinement; serving to confine; as captive chains; captive hours.; v. t.: To take prisoner; to capture.
Found on page(s): [76]

arm - arm, Definition(s): n.: The limb of the human body which extends from the shoulder to the hand; also the corresponding limb of a monkey.; n.: The fore limb of an animal as of a bear.; n.: A limb or locomotive or prehensile organ of an invertebrate animal.; n.: A branch of a tree.; n.: A slender part of an instrument or machine projecting from a trunk axis or fulcrum; as the arm of a steelyard.; n.: The end of a yard; also the part of an anchor which ends in the fluke.; n.: An inlet of water from the sea.; n.: A support for the elbow at the side of a chair the end of a sofa etc.; n.: Fig.: Power; might; strength; support; as the secular arm; the arm of the law.; n.: A branch of the military service; as the cavalry arm was made efficient.; n.: A weapon of offense or defense; an instrument of warfare; -- commonly in the pl.; v. t.: To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.; v. t.: To furnish with arms or limbs.; v. t.: To furnish or equip with weapons of offense or defense; as to arm soldiers; to arm the country.; v. t.: To cover or furnish with a plate or with whatever will add strength force security or efficiency; as to arm the hit of a sword; to arm a hook in angling.; v. t.: Fig.: To furnish with means of defense; to prepare for resistance; to fortify in a moral sense.; v. i.: To provide one's self with arms weapons or means of attack or resistance; to take arms.
Found on page(s): [62]

chief, - chief,, Definition(s): n.: The head or leader of any body of men; a commander as of an army; a head man as of a tribe clan or family; a person in authority who directs the work of others; the principal actor or agent.; n.: The principal part; the most valuable portion.; n.: The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to be composed of the dexter sinister and middle chiefs.; a.: Highest in office or rank; principal; head.; a.: Principal or most eminent in any quality or action; most distinguished; having most influence; taking the lead; most important; as the chief topic of conversation; the chief interest of man.; a.: Very intimate near or close.
Found on page(s): [77]

initiative, - initiative,, Definition(s): a.: Serving to initiate; inceptive; initiatory; introductory; preliminary.; n.: An introductory step or movement; an act which originates or begins.; n.: The right or power to introduce a new measure or course of action as in legislation; as the initiative in respect to revenue bills is in the House of Representatives.
Found on page(s): [69]

revolution. - revolution., Definition(s): n.: The act of revolving or turning round on an axis or a center; the motion of a body round a fixed point or line; rotation; as the revolution of a wheel of a top of the earth on its axis etc.; n.: Return to a point before occupied or to a point relatively the same; a rolling back; return; as revolution in an ellipse or spiral.; n.: The space measured by the regular return of a revolving body; the period made by the regular recurrence of a measure of time or by a succession of similar events.; n.: The motion of any body as a planet or satellite in a curved line or orbit until it returns to the same point again or to a point relatively the same; -- designated as the annual anomalistic nodical sidereal or tropical revolution according as the point of return or completion has a fixed relation to the year the anomaly the nodes the stars or the tropics; as the revolution of the earth about the sun; the revolution of the moon about the earth.; n.: The motion of a point line or surface about a point or line as its center or axis in such a manner that a moving point generates a curve a moving line a surface (called a surface of revolution) and a moving surface a solid (called a solid of revolution); as the revolution of a right-angled triangle about one of its sides generates a cone; the revolution of a semicircle about the diameter generates a sphere.; n.: A total or radical change; as a revolution in one's circumstances or way of living.; n.: A fundamental change in political organization or in a government or constitution; the overthrow or renunciation of one government and the substitution of another by the governed.
Found on page(s): [80]

witness. - witness., Definition(s): v. i.: Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.; v. i.: That which furnishes evidence or proof.; v. i.: One who is cognizant; a person who beholds or otherwise has personal knowledge of anything; as an eyewitness; an earwitness.; v. i.: One who testifies in a cause or gives evidence before a judicial tribunal; as the witness in court agreed in all essential facts.; v. i.: One who sees the execution of an instrument and subscribes it for the purpose of confirming its authenticity by his testimony; one who witnesses a will a deed a marriage or the like.; v. t.: To see or know by personal presence; to have direct cognizance of.; v. t.: To give testimony to; to testify to; to attest.; v. t.: To see the execution of as an instrument and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity; as to witness a bond or a deed.; v. i.: To bear testimony; to give evidence; to testify.
Found on page(s): [103]

broken - broken, Definition(s): v. t.: Separated into parts or pieces by violence; divided into fragments; as a broken chain or rope; a broken dish.; v. t.: Disconnected; not continuous; also rough; uneven; as a broken surface.; v. t.: Fractured; cracked; disunited; sundered; strained; apart; as a broken reed; broken friendship.; v. t.: Made infirm or weak by disease age or hardships.; v. t.: Subdued; humbled; contrite.; v. t.: Subjugated; trained for use as a horse.; v. t.: Crushed and ruined as by something that destroys hope; blighted.; v. t.: Not carried into effect; not adhered to; violated; as a broken promise vow or contract; a broken law.; v. t.: Ruined financially; incapable of redeeming promises made or of paying debts incurred; as a broken bank; a broken tradesman.; v. t.: Imperfectly spoken as by a foreigner; as broken English; imperfectly spoken on account of emotion; as to say a few broken words at parting.
Found on page(s): [49, 100]

vice - vice, Definition(s): n.: A defect; a fault; an error; a blemish; an imperfection; as the vices of a political constitution; the vices of a horse.; n.: A moral fault or failing; especially immoral conduct or habit as in the indulgence of degrading appetites; customary deviation in a single respect or in general from a right standard implying a defect of natural character or the result of training and habits; a harmful custom; immorality; depravity; wickedness; as a life of vice; the vice of intemperance.; n.: The buffoon of the old English moralities or moral dramas having the name sometimes of one vice sometimes of another or of Vice itself; -- called also Iniquity.; n.: A kind of instrument for holding work as in filing. Same as Vise.; n.: A tool for drawing lead into cames or flat grooved rods for casements.; n.: A gripe or grasp.; v. t.: To hold or squeeze with a vice or as if with a vice.; prep.: In the place of; in the stead; as A. B. was appointed postmaster vice C. D. resigned.; prep.: Denoting one who in certain cases may assume the office or duties of a superior; designating an officer or an office that is second in rank or authority; as vice president; vice agent; vice consul etc.
Found on page(s): [105]

choice, - choice,, Definition(s): n.: Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election.; n.: The power or opportunity of choosing; option.; n.: Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred and in giving a preference; discrimination.; n.: A sufficient number to choose among.; n.: The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection.; n.: The best part; that which is preferable.; superl.: Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable.; superl.: Preserving or using with care as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as to be choice of time or of money.; superl.: Selected with care and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
Found on page(s): [22, 23]

difficult, - difficult,, Definition(s): a.: Hard to do or to make; beset with difficulty; attended with labor trouble or pains; not easy; arduous.; a.: Hard to manage or to please; not easily wrought upon; austere; stubborn; as a difficult person.; v. t.: To render difficult; to impede; to perplex.
Found on page(s): [30]

miserly - miserly, Definition(s): a.: Like a miser; very covetous; sordid; niggardly.
Found on page(s): [45]

suppress - suppress, Definition(s): v. t.: To overpower and crush; to subdue; to put down; to quell.; v. t.: To keep in; to restrain from utterance or vent; as to suppress the voice; to suppress a smile.; v. t.: To retain without disclosure; to conceal; not to reveal; to prevent publication of; as to suppress evidence; to suppress a pamphlet; to suppress the truth.; v. t.: To stop; to restrain; to arrest the discharges of; as to suppress a diarrhea or a hemorrhage.
Found on page(s): [99]

reluctance, - reluctance,, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [4]

calm - calm, Definition(s): n.: Freedom from motion agitation or disturbance; a cessation or absence of that which causes motion or disturbance as of winds or waves; tranquility; stillness; quiet; serenity.; n.: To make calm; to render still or quiet as elements; as to calm the winds.; n.: To deliver from agitation or excitement; to still or soothe as the mind or passions.; super.: Not stormy; without motion as of winds or waves; still; quiet; serene; undisturbed.; super.: Undisturbed by passion or emotion; not agitated or excited; tranquil; quiet in act or speech.
Found on page(s): [72]

choice; - choice;, Definition(s): n.: Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election.; n.: The power or opportunity of choosing; option.; n.: Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred and in giving a preference; discrimination.; n.: A sufficient number to choose among.; n.: The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection.; n.: The best part; that which is preferable.; superl.: Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable.; superl.: Preserving or using with care as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as to be choice of time or of money.; superl.: Selected with care and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
Found on page(s): [39]

incautious - incautious, Definition(s): a.: Not cautious; not circumspect; not attending to the circumstances on which safety and interest depend; heedless; careless; as an incautious step; an incautious remark.
Found on page(s): [48]

armed - armed, Definition(s): a.: Furnished with weapons of offense or defense; furnished with the means of security or protection.; a.: Furnished with whatever serves to add strength force or efficiency.; a.: Having horns beak talons etc; -- said of beasts and birds of prey.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 16, 21, 34, 35, 36, 40, 42, 54, 62, 100]

liking. - liking., Definition(s): p. a.: Looking; appearing; as better or worse liking. See Like to look.; n.: The state of being pleasing; a suiting. See On liking below.; n.: The state of being pleased with or attracted toward some thing or person; hence inclination; desire; pleasure; preference; -- often with for formerly with to; as it is an amusement I have no liking for.; n.: Appearance; look; figure; state of body as to health or condition.
Found on page(s): [27]

antiquity; - antiquity;, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being ancient; ancientness; great age; as a statue of remarkable antiquity; a family of great antiquity.; n.: Old age.; n.: Ancient times; former ages; times long since past; as Cicero was an eloquent orator of antiquity.; n.: The ancients; the people of ancient times.; n.: An old gentleman.; n.: A relic or monument of ancient times; as a coin a statue etc.; an ancient institution. [In this sense usually in the plural.
Found on page(s): [1]

redemption, - redemption,, Definition(s): n.: The act of redeeming or the state of being redeemed; repurchase; ransom; release; rescue; deliverance; as the redemption of prisoners taken in war; the redemption of a ship and cargo.; n.: The liberation of an estate from a mortgage or the taking back of property mortgaged upon performance of the terms or conditions on which it was conveyed; also the right of redeeming and reentering upon an estate mortgaged. See Equity of redemption under Equity.; n.: Performance of the obligation stated in a note bill bond or other evidence of debt by making payment to the holder.; n.: The procuring of God's favor by the sufferings and death of Christ; the ransom or deliverance of sinners from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.
Found on page(s): [76]

redemption. - redemption., Definition(s): n.: The act of redeeming or the state of being redeemed; repurchase; ransom; release; rescue; deliverance; as the redemption of prisoners taken in war; the redemption of a ship and cargo.; n.: The liberation of an estate from a mortgage or the taking back of property mortgaged upon performance of the terms or conditions on which it was conveyed; also the right of redeeming and reentering upon an estate mortgaged. See Equity of redemption under Equity.; n.: Performance of the obligation stated in a note bill bond or other evidence of debt by making payment to the holder.; n.: The procuring of God's favor by the sufferings and death of Christ; the ransom or deliverance of sinners from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.
Found on page(s): [77]

colleague; - colleague;, Definition(s): n.: A partner or associate in some civil or ecclesiastical office or employment. It is never used of partners in trade or manufactures.; v.t & i.: To unite or associate with another or with others.
Found on page(s): [59]

becoming - becoming, Definition(s): a.: Appropriate or fit; congruous; suitable; graceful; befitting.; n.: That which is becoming or appropriate.
Found on page(s): [9, 10, 14, 23, 46, 93, 105]

strength - strength, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance whether physical intellectual or moral; force; vigor; power; as strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind of memory or of judgment.; n.: Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as the strength of a bone of a beam of a wall a rope and the like.; n.: Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.; n.: That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.; n.: One who or that which is regarded as embodying or affording force strength or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.; n.: Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.; n.: Intensity; -- said of light or color.; n.: Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors solutions etc.; as the strength of wine or of acids.; n.: A strong place; a stronghold.; v. t.: To strengthen.
Found on page(s): [9, 11, 14, 30, 61, 88, 103]

castle - castle, Definition(s): n.: A fortified residence especially that of a prince or nobleman; a fortress.; n.: Any strong imposing and stately mansion.; n.: A small tower as on a ship or an elephant's back.; n.: A piece made to represent a castle used in the game of chess; a rook.; v. i.: To move the castle to the square next to king and then the king around the castle to the square next beyond it for the purpose of covering the king.
Found on page(s): [64, 85, 96, 97]

prince(*) - prince(*), Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [53]

disregard - disregard, Definition(s): v. t.: Not to regard; to pay no heed to; to omit to take notice of; to neglect to observe; to slight as unworthy of regard or notice; as to disregard the admonitions of conscience.; n.: The act of disregarding or the state of being disregarded; intentional neglect; omission of notice; want of attention; slight.
Found on page(s): [49]

liberality, - liberality,, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.; n.: A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Found on page(s): [46, 47]

bloodshed - bloodshed, Definition(s): n.: The shedding or spilling of blood; slaughter; the act of shedding human blood or taking life as in war riot or murder.
Found on page(s): [96]

faithless, - faithless,, Definition(s): a.: Not believing; not giving credit.; a.: Not believing on God or religion; specifically not believing in the Christian religion.; a.: Not observant of promises or covenants.; a.: Not true to allegiance duty or vows; perfidious; trecherous; disloyal; not of true fidelity; inconstant as a husband or a wife.; a.: Serving to disappoint or deceive; delusive; unsatisfying.
Found on page(s): [45]

treacherous - treacherous, Definition(s): a.: Like a traitor; involving treachery; violating allegiance or faith pledged; traitorous to the state or sovereign; perfidious in private life; betraying a trust; faithless.
Found on page(s): [100]

liberality. - liberality., Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.; n.: A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Found on page(s): [47, 94]

therefore, - therefore,, Definition(s): adv.: For that or this reason referring to something previously stated; for that.; adv.: Consequently; by consequence.
Found on page(s): [6, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 25, 31, 34, 40, 42, 43, 46, 50, 56, 58, 59, 63, 64, 70, 71, 75, 76, 78, 79, 83, 84, 95, 102]

debate - debate, Definition(s): v. t.: To engage in combat for; to strive for.; v. t.: To contend for in words or arguments; to strive to maintain by reasoning; to dispute; to contest; to discuss; to argue for and against.; v. i.: To engage in strife or combat; to fight.; v. i.: To contend in words; to dispute; hence to deliberate; to consider; to discuss or examine different arguments in the mind; -- often followed by on or upon.; v. t.: A fight or fighting; contest; strife.; v. t.: Contention in words or arguments; discussion for the purpose of elucidating truth or influencing action; strife in argument; controversy; as the debates in Parliament or in Congress.; v. t.: Subject of discussion.
Found on page(s): [41]

extinguish - extinguish, Definition(s): v. t.: To quench; to put out as a light or fire; to stifle; to cause to die out; to put an end to; to destroy; as to extinguish a flame or life or love or hope a pretense or a right.; v. t.: To obscure; to eclipse as by superior splendor.
Found on page(s): [73]

yourself - yourself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized or reflexive form of the pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with you; as you yourself shall see it; also alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as you have injured yourself.
Found on page(s): [66, 67, 73, 77]

plain. - plain., Definition(s): v. i.: To lament; to bewail; to complain.; v. t.: To lament; to mourn over; as to plain a loss.; superl.: Without elevations or depressions; flat; level; smooth; even. See Plane.; superl.: Open; clear; unencumbered; equal; fair.; superl.: Not intricate or difficult; evident; manifest; obvious; clear; unmistakable.; superl.: Void of extraneous beauty or ornament; without conspicious embellishment; not rich; simple.; superl.: Not highly cultivated; unsophisticated; free from show or pretension; simple; natural; homely; common.; superl.: Free from affectation or disguise; candid; sincere; artless; honest; frank.; superl.: Not luxurious; not highly seasoned; simple; as plain food.; superl.: Without beauty; not handsome; homely; as a plain woman.; superl.: Not variegated dyed or figured; as plain muslin.; superl.: Not much varied by modulations; as a plain tune.; adv.: In a plain manner; plainly.; a.: Level land; usually an open field or a broad stretch of land with an even surface or a surface little varied by inequalities; as the plain of Jordan; the American plains or prairies.; a.: A field of battle.; v.: To plane or level; to make plain or even on the surface.; v.: To make plain or manifest; to explain.
Found on page(s): [100]

helpful - helpful, Definition(s): a.: Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary.
Found on page(s): [52]

fordable, - fordable,, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being forded.
Found on page(s): [100]

pondering - pondering, Definition(s): a.: Deliberating.
Found on page(s): [73]

bold - bold, Definition(s): n.: Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.; n.: Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.; n.: In a bad sense too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.; n.: Somewhat overstepping usual bounds or conventional rules as in art literature etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as the figures of an author are bold.; n.: Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.; n.: Steep; abrupt; prominent.; v. t.: To make bold or daring.; v. i.: To be or become bold.
Found on page(s): [45]

worse - worse, Definition(s): compar.: Bad ill evil or corrupt in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense.; n.: Loss; disadvantage; defeat.; n.: That which is worse; something less good; as think not the worse of him for his enterprise.; a.: In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad.; v. t.: To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst. See Worst v.
Found on page(s): [92]

camp - camp, Definition(s): n.: The ground or spot on which tents huts etc. are erected for shelter as for an army or for lumbermen etc.; n.: A collection of tents huts etc. for shelter commonly arranged in an orderly manner.; n.: A single hut or shelter; as a hunter's camp.; n.: The company or body of persons encamped as of soldiers of surveyors of lumbermen etc.; n.: A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost; -- called also burrow and pie.; n.: An ancient game of football played in some parts of England.; v. t.: To afford rest or lodging for as an army or travelers.; v. i.: To pitch or prepare a camp; to encamp; to lodge in a camp; -- often with out.; n.: To play the game called camp.
Found on page(s): [38, 90, 97]

difficulty - difficulty, Definition(s): n.: The state of being difficult or hard to do; hardness; arduousness; -- opposed to easiness or facility; as the difficulty of a task or enterprise; a work of difficulty.; n.: Something difficult; a thing hard to do or to understand; that which occasions labor or perplexity and requires skill and perseverance to overcome solve or achieve; a hard enterprise; an obstacle; an impediment; as the difficulties of a science; difficulties in theology.; n.: A controversy; a falling out; a disagreement; an objection; a cavil.; n.: Embarrassment of affairs especially financial affairs; -- usually in the plural; as to be in difficulties.
Found on page(s): [3, 8, 11, 14, 27, 32, 57, 60, 70, 97, 101, 104]

longer - longer, Definition(s): n.: One who longs for anything.
Found on page(s): [5, 7, 21, 31, 36, 42, 87, 92]

senate - senate, Definition(s): n.: An assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions.; n.: A body of elders appointed or elected from among the nobles of the nation and having supreme legislative authority.; n.: The upper and less numerous branch of a legislature in various countries as in France in the United States in most of the separate States of the United States and in some Swiss cantons.; n.: In general a legislative body; a state council; the legislative department of government.; n.: The governing body of the Universities of Cambridge and London.; n.: In some American colleges a council of elected students presided over by the president of the college to which are referred cases of discipline and matters of general concern affecting the students.
Found on page(s): [24]

liberality; - liberality;, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.; n.: A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Found on page(s): [68]

worst - worst, Definition(s): a.: Bad evil or pernicious in the highest degree whether in a physical or moral sense. See Worse.; n.: That which is most bad or evil; the most severe pernicious calamitous or wicked state or degree.; a.: To gain advantage over in contest or competition; to get the better of; to defeat; to overthrow; to discomfit.; v. i.: To grow worse; to deteriorate.
Found on page(s): [28]

Pope. - Pope., Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [21, 95]

Pope, - Pope,, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [19, 23, 32, 77]

Magnificence. - Magnificence., Definition(s): n.: The act of doing what magnificent; the state or quality of being magnificent.
Found on page(s): [1]

mercenary - mercenary, Definition(s): a.: Acting for reward; serving for pay; paid; hired; hireling; venal; as mercenary soldiers.; a.: Hence: Moved by considerations of pay or profit; greedy of gain; sordid; selfish.; n.: One who is hired; a hireling; especially a soldier hired into foreign service.
Found on page(s): [35, 40, 41]

distance - distance, Definition(s): n.: The space between two objects; the length of a line especially the shortest line joining two points or things that are separate; measure of separation in place.; n.: Remoteness of place; a remote place.; n.: A space marked out in the last part of a race course.; n.: Relative space between troops in ranks measured from front to rear; -- contrasted with interval which is measured from right to left.; n.: Space between two antagonists in fencing.; n.: The part of a picture which contains the representation of those objects which are the farthest away esp. in a landscape.; n.: Ideal disjunction; discrepancy; contrariety.; n.: Length or interval of time; period past or future between two eras or events.; n.: The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence respect; ceremoniousness.; n.: A withholding of intimacy; alienation; coldness; disagreement; variance; restraint; reserve.; n.: Remoteness in succession or relation; as the distance between a descendant and his ancestor.; n.: The interval between two notes; as the distance of a fourth or seventh.; v. t.: To place at a distance or remotely.; v. t.: To cause to appear as if at a distance; to make seem remote.; v. t.: To outstrip by as much as a distance (see Distance n. 3); to leave far behind; to surpass greatly.
Found on page(s): [83]

absence - absence, Definition(s): n.: A state of being absent or withdrawn from a place or from companionship; -- opposed to presence.; n.: Want; destitution; withdrawal.; n.: Inattention to things present; abstraction (of mind); as absence of mind.
Found on page(s): [72, 95]

attract - attract, Definition(s): v. t.: To draw to or cause to tend to; esp. to cause to approach adhere or combine; or to cause to resist divulsion separation or decomposition.; v. t.: To draw by influence of a moral or emotional kind; to engage or fix as the mind attention etc.; to invite or allure; as to attract admirers.; n.: Attraction.
Found on page(s): [72]

approaching - approaching, Definition(s): n.: The act of ingrafting a sprig or shoot of one tree into another without cutting it from the parent stock; -- called also inarching and grafting by approach.
Found on page(s): [84]

forward, - forward,, Definition(s): n.: An agreement; a covenant; a promise.; adv.: Alt.; a.: Near or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as the forward gun in a ship or the forward ship in a fleet.; a.: Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense overready; to hasty.; a.: Ardent; eager; earnest; in an ill sense less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident; as the boy is too forward for his years.; a.: Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season; as the grass is forward or forward for the season; we have a forward spring.; v. t.: To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten; as to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement.; v. t.: To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit; as to forward a letter.
Found on page(s): [98, 100, 101]

cautious - cautious, Definition(s): a.: Attentive to examine probable effects and consequences of acts with a view to avoid danger or misfortune; prudent; circumspect; wary; watchful; as a cautious general.
Found on page(s): [74, 75]

Alexander's - Alexander's, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [33]

situated - situated, Definition(s): a.: Having a site situation or location; being in a relative position; permanently fixed; placed; located; as a town situated or situate on a hill or on the seashore.; a.: Placed; residing.
Found on page(s): [96]

spirit, - spirit,, Definition(s): n.: Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence sometimes life itself.; n.: A rough breathing; an aspirate as the letter h; also a mark to denote aspiration; a breathing.; n.: Life or living substance considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence force or energy as distinct from matter.; n.: The intelligent immaterial and immortal part of man; the soul in distinction from the body in which it resides; the agent or subject of vital and spiritual functions whether spiritual or material.; n.: Specifically a disembodied soul; the human soul after it has left the body.; n.: Any supernatural being good or bad; an apparition; a specter; a ghost; also sometimes a sprite; a fairy; an elf.; n.: Energy vivacity ardor enthusiasm courage etc.; n.: One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper; as a ruling spirit; a schismatic spirit.; n.: Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state; -- often in the plural; as to be cheerful or in good spirits; to be downhearted or in bad spirits.; n.: Intent; real meaning; -- opposed to the letter or to formal statement; also characteristic quality especially such as is derived from the individual genius or the personal character; as the spirit of an enterprise of a document or the like.; n.: Tenuous volatile airy or vapory substance possessed of active qualities.; n.: Any liquid produced by distillation; especially alcohol the spirits or spirit of wine (it having been first distilled from wine): -- often in the plural.; n.: Rum whisky brandy gin and other distilled liquors having much alcohol in distinction from wine and malt liquors.; n.: A solution in alcohol of a volatile principle. Cf. Tincture.; n.: Any one of the four substances sulphur sal ammoniac quicksilver or arsenic (or according to some orpiment).; n.: Stannic chloride. See under Stannic.; v. t.: To animate with vigor; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit; as civil dissensions often spirit the ambition of private men; -- sometimes followed by up.; v. t.: To convey rapidly and secretly or mysteriously as if by the agency of a spirit; to kidnap; -- often with away or off.
Found on page(s): [76]

defend - defend, Definition(s): v. t.: To ward or fend off; to drive back or away; to repel.; v. t.: To prohibit; to forbid.; v. t.: To repel danger or harm from; to protect; to secure against; attack; to maintain against force or argument; to uphold; to guard; as to defend a town; to defend a cause; to defend character; to defend the absent; -- sometimes followed by from or against; as to defend one's self from or against one's enemies.; v. t.: To deny the right of the plaintiff in regard to (the suit or the wrong charged); to oppose or resist as a claim at law; to contest as a suit.
Found on page(s): [16, 24, 26, 30, 31, 32, 42, 46, 48, 51, 53, 55, 62, 70, 93]

ally - ally, Definition(s): v. t.: To unite or form a connection between as between families by marriage or between princes and states by treaty league or confederacy; -- often followed by to or with.; v. t.: To connect or form a relation between by similitude resemblance friendship or love.; v.: A relative; a kinsman.; v.: One united to another by treaty or league; -- usually applied to sovereigns or states; a confederate.; v.: Anything associated with another as a helper; an auxiliary.; v.: Anything akin to another by structure etc.; n.: See Alley a marble or taw.
Found on page(s): [67, 81, 82]

arrive - arrive, Definition(s): v. i.: To come to the shore or bank. In present usage: To come in progress by water or by traveling on land; to reach by water or by land; -- followed by at (formerly sometimes by to) also by in and from.; v. i.: To reach a point by progressive motion; to gain or compass an object by effort practice study inquiry reasoning or experiment.; v. i.: To come; said of time; as the time arrived.; v. i.: To happen or occur.; v. t.: To bring to shore.; v. t.: To reach; to come to.; n.: Arrival.
Found on page(s): [43]

crying - crying, Definition(s): a.: Calling for notice; compelling attention; notorious; heinous; as a crying evil.
Found on page(s): [86]

tribe, - tribe,, Definition(s): n.: A family race or series of generations descending from the same progenitor and kept distinct as in the case of the twelve tribes of Israel descended from the twelve sons of Jacob.; n.: A number of species or genera having certain structural characteristics in common; as a tribe of plants; a tribe of animals.; n.: A nation of savages or uncivilized people; a body of rude people united under one leader or government; as the tribes of the Six Nations; the Seneca tribe.; n.: A division class or distinct portion of a people from whatever cause that distinction may have originated; as the city of Athens was divided into ten tribes.; n.: A family of animals descended from some particular female progenitor through the female line; as the Duchess tribe of shorthorns.; v. t.: To distribute into tribes or classes.
Found on page(s): [52]

Magnificence, - Magnificence,, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing what magnificent; the state or quality of being magnificent.
Found on page(s): [2]

hence - hence, Definition(s): adv.: From this place; away.; adv.: From this time; in the future; as a week hence.; adv.: From this reason; as an inference or deduction.; adv.: From this source or origin.; v. t.: To send away.
Found on page(s): [3, 19, 75]

impetuous; - impetuous;, Definition(s): a.: Rushing with force and violence; moving with impetus; furious; forcible; violent; as an impetuous wind; an impetuous torrent.; a.: Vehement in feeling; hasty; passionate; violent; as a man of impetuous temper.
Found on page(s): [74]

outrageous - outrageous, Definition(s): n.: Of the nature of an outrage; exceeding the limits of right reason or decency; involving or doing an outrage; furious; violent; atrocious.
Found on page(s): [85]

unto - unto, Definition(s): prep.: To; -- now used only in antiquated formal or scriptural style. See To.; prep.: Until; till.; conj.: Until; till.
Found on page(s): [21]

resting - resting, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Rest v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [34]

violator - violator, Definition(s): n.: One who violates; an infringer; a profaner; a ravisher.
Found on page(s): [54]

learned - learned, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to learning; possessing or characterized by learning esp. scholastic learning; erudite; well-informed; as a learned scholar writer or lawyer; a learned book; a learned theory.
Found on page(s): [19, 65, 102]

introduce - introduce, Definition(s): v. t.: To lead or bring in; to conduct or usher in; as to introduce a person into a drawing-room.; v. t.: To put (something into a place); to insert; as to introduce the finger or a probe.; v. t.: To lead to and make known by formal announcement or recommendation; hence to cause to be acquainted; as to introduce strangers; to introduce one person to another.; v. t.: To bring into notice practice cultivation or use; as to introduce a new fashion method or plant.; v. t.: To produce; to cause to exist; to induce.; v. t.: To open to notice; to begin; to present; as he introduced the subject with a long preface.
Found on page(s): [15, 76]

situate - situate, Definition(s): a.: Alt.; v. t.: To place.
Found on page(s): [83]

bond - bond, Definition(s): n.: That which binds ties fastens or confines or by which anything is fastened or bound as a cord chain etc.; a band; a ligament; a shackle or a manacle.; n.: The state of being bound; imprisonment; captivity restraint.; n.: A binding force or influence; a cause of union; a uniting tie; as the bonds of fellowship.; n.: Moral or political duty or obligation.; n.: A writing under seal by which a person binds himself his heirs executors and administrators to pay a certain sum on or before a future day appointed. This is a single bond. But usually a condition is added that if the obligor shall do a certain act appear at a certain place conform to certain rules faithfully perform certain duties or pay a certain sum of money on or before a time specified the obligation shall be void; otherwise it shall remain in full force. If the condition is not performed the bond becomes forfeited and the obligor and his heirs are liable to the payment of the whole sum.; n.: An instrument (of the nature of the ordinary legal bond) made by a government or a corporation for purpose of borrowing money; as a government city or railway bond.; n.: The state of goods placed in a bonded warehouse till the duties are paid; as merchandise in bond.; n.: The union or tie of the several stones or bricks forming a wall. The bricks may be arranged for this purpose in several different ways as in English or block bond (Fig. 1) where one course consists of bricks with their ends toward the face of the wall called headers and the next course of bricks with their lengths parallel to the face of the wall called stretchers; Flemish bond (Fig.2) where each course consists of headers and stretchers alternately so laid as always to break joints; Cross bond which differs from the English by the change of the second stretcher line so that its joints come in the middle of the first and the same position of stretchers comes back every fifth line; Combined cross and English bond where the inner part of the wall is laid in the one method the outer in the other.; n.: A unit of chemical attraction; as oxygen has two bonds of affinity. It is often represented in graphic formulae by a short line or dash. See Diagram of Benzene nucleus and Valence.; v. t.: To place under the conditions of a bond; to mortgage; to secure the payment of the duties on (goods or merchandise) by giving a bond.; v. t.: To dispose in building as the materials of a wall so as to secure solidity.; n.: A vassal or serf; a slave.; a.: In a state of servitude or slavery; captive.
Found on page(s): [67]

discontented, - discontented,, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Dissatisfied; uneasy in mind; malcontent.
Found on page(s): [6]

discourse - discourse, Definition(s): n.: The power of the mind to reason or infer by running as it were from one fact or reason to another and deriving a conclusion; an exercise or act of this power; reasoning; range of reasoning faculty.; n.: Conversation; talk.; n.: The art and manner of speaking and conversing.; n.: Consecutive speech either written or unwritten on a given line of thought; speech; treatise; dissertation; sermon etc.; as the preacher gave us a long discourse on duty.; n.: Dealing; transaction.; v. i.: To exercise reason; to employ the mind in judging and inferring; to reason.; v. i.: To express one's self in oral discourse; to expose one's views; to talk in a continuous or formal manner; to hold forth; to speak; to converse.; v. i.: To relate something; to tell.; v. i.: To treat of something in writing and formally.; v. t.: To treat of; to expose or set forth in language.; v. t.: To utter or give forth; to speak.; v. t.: To talk to; to confer with.
Found on page(s): [25, 60]

mouth - mouth, Definition(s): n.: The opening through which an animal receives food; the aperture between the jaws or between the lips; also the cavity containing the tongue and teeth between the lips and the pharynx; the buccal cavity.; n.: The opening of a vessel by which it is filled or emptied charged or discharged; as the mouth of a jar or pitcher; the mouth of the lacteal vessels etc.; n.: The opening or entrance of any cavity as a cave pit well or den.; n.: The opening of a piece of ordnance through which it is discharged.; n.: The opening through which the waters of a river or any stream are discharged.; n.: The entrance into a harbor.; n.: The crosspiece of a bridle bit which enters the mouth of an animal.; n.: A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece.; n.: Cry; voice.; n.: Speech; language; testimony.; n.: A wry face; a grimace; a mow.; v. t.: To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.; v. t.: To utter with a voice affectedly big or swelling; to speak in a strained or unnaturally sonorous manner.; v. t.: To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick as a bear her cub.; v. t.: To make mouths at.; v. i.: To speak with a full round or loud affected voice; to vociferate; to rant.; v. i.: To put mouth to mouth; to kiss.; v. i.: To make grimaces esp. in ridicule or contempt.
Found on page(s): [48, 105]

duty - duty, Definition(s): n.: That which is due; payment.; n.: That which a person is bound by moral obligation to do or refrain from doing; that which one ought to do; service morally obligatory.; n.: Hence any assigned service or business; as the duties of a policeman or a soldier; to be on duty.; n.: Specifically obedience or submission due to parents and superiors.; n.: Respect; reverence; regard; act of respect; homage.; n.: The efficiency of an engine especially a steam pumping engine as measured by work done by a certain quantity of fuel; usually the number of pounds of water lifted one foot by one bushel of coal (94 lbs. old standard) or by 1 cwt. (112 lbs. England or 100 lbs. United States).; n.: Tax toll impost or customs; excise; any sum of money required by government to be paid on the importation exportation or consumption of goods.
Found on page(s): [35, 102]

stranger - stranger, Definition(s): n.: One who is strange foreign or unknown.; n.: One who comes from a foreign land; a foreigner.; n.: One whose home is at a distance from the place where he is but in the same country.; n.: One who is unknown or unacquainted; as the gentleman is a stranger to me; hence one not admitted to communication fellowship or acquaintance.; n.: One not belonging to the family or household; a guest; a visitor.; n.: One not privy or party an act contract or title; a mere intruder or intermeddler; one who interferes without right; as actual possession of land gives a good title against a stranger having no title; as to strangers a mortgage is considered merely as a pledge; a mere stranger to the levy.; v. t.: To estrange; to alienate.
Found on page(s): [102]

Pope; - Pope;, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [23]

reorganize - reorganize, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: To organize again or anew; as to reorganize a society or an army.
Found on page(s): [99]

cape - cape, Definition(s): n.: A piece or point of land extending beyond the adjacent coast into the sea or a lake; a promontory; a headland.; v. i.: To head or point; to keep a course; as the ship capes southwest by south.; n.: A sleeveless garment or part of a garment hanging from the neck over the back arms and shoulders but not reaching below the hips. See Cloak.; v. i.: To gape.
Found on page(s): [84]

cure. - cure., Definition(s): n.: Care heed or attention.; n.: Spiritual charge; care of soul; the office of a parish priest or of a curate; hence that which is committed to the charge of a parish priest or of a curate; a curacy; as to resign a cure; to obtain a cure.; n.: Medical or hygienic care; remedial treatment of disease; a method of medical treatment; as to use the water cure.; n.: Act of healing or state of being healed; restoration to health from disease or to soundness after injury.; n.: Means of the removal of disease or evil; that which heals; a remedy; a restorative.; v. t.: To heal; to restore to health soundness or sanity; to make well; -- said of a patient.; v. t.: To subdue or remove by remedial means; to remedy; to remove; to heal; -- said of a malady.; v. t.: To set free from (something injurious or blameworthy) as from a bad habit.; v. t.: To prepare for preservation or permanent keeping; to preserve as by drying salting etc.; as to cure beef or fish; to cure hay.; v. i.: To pay heed; to care; to give attention.; v. i.: To restore health; to effect a cure.; v. i.: To become healed.; n.: A curate; a pardon.
Found on page(s): [7]

leader - leader, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which leads or conducts; a guide; a conductor.; n.: One who goes first.; n.: One having authority to direct; a chief; a commander.; n.: A performer who leads a band or choir in music; also in an orchestra the principal violinist; the one who plays at the head of the first violins.; n.: A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places.; n.: The principal wheel in any kind of machinery.; n.: A horse placed in advance of others; one of the forward pair of horses.; n.: A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground; a conductor.; n.: A net for leading fish into a pound weir etc. ; also a line of gut to which the snell of a fly hook is attached.; n.: A branch or small vein not important in itself but indicating the proximity of a better one.; n.: The first or the principal editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article.; n.: A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face.; n.: a row of dots periods or hyphens used in tables of contents etc. to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.
Found on page(s): [26, 38, 87]

delicate - delicate, Definition(s): a.: Addicted to pleasure; luxurious; voluptuous; alluring.; a.: Pleasing to the senses; refinedly agreeable; hence adapted to please a nice or cultivated taste; nice; fine; elegant; as a delicate dish; delicate flavor.; a.: Slight and shapely; lovely; graceful; as a delicate creature.; a.: Fine or slender; minute; not coarse; -- said of a thread or the like; as delicate cotton.; a.: Slight or smooth; light and yielding; -- said of texture; as delicate lace or silk.; a.: Soft and fair; -- said of the skin or a surface; as a delicate cheek; a delicate complexion.; a.: Light or softly tinted; -- said of a color; as a delicate blue.; a.: Refined; gentle; scrupulous not to trespass or offend; considerate; -- said of manners conduct or feelings; as delicate behavior; delicate attentions; delicate thoughtfulness.; a.: Tender; not able to endure hardship; feeble; frail; effeminate; -- said of constitution health etc.; as a delicate child; delicate health.; a.: Requiring careful handling; not to be rudely or hastily dealt with; nice; critical; as a delicate subject or question.; a.: Of exacting tastes and habits; dainty; fastidious.; a.: Nicely discriminating or perceptive; refinedly critical; sensitive; exquisite; as a delicate taste; a delicate ear for music.; a.: Affected by slight causes; showing slight changes; as a delicate thermometer.; n.: A choice dainty; a delicacy.; n.: A delicate luxurious or effeminate person.
Found on page(s): [59]

rebel - rebel, Definition(s): v. i.: Pertaining to rebels or rebellion; acting in revolt; rebellious; as rebel troops.; n.: One who rebels.; v. i.: To renounce and resist by force the authority of the ruler or government to which one owes obedience. See Rebellion.; v. i.: To be disobedient to authority; to assume a hostile or insubordinate attitude; to revolt.
Found on page(s): [93]

collected - collected, Definition(s): a.: Gathered together.; a.: Self-possessed; calm; composed.
Found on page(s): [37]

cast - cast, Definition(s): v. t.: To send or drive by force; to throw; to fling; to hurl; to impel.; v. t.: To direct or turn as the eyes.; v. t.: To drop; to deposit; as to cast a ballot.; v. t.: To throw down as in wrestling.; v. t.: To throw up as a mound or rampart.; v. t.: To throw off; to eject; to shed; to lose.; v. t.: To bring forth prematurely; to slink.; v. t.: To throw out or emit; to exhale.; v. t.: To cause to fall; to shed; to reflect; to throw; as to cast a ray upon a screen; to cast light upon a subject.; v. t.: To impose; to bestow; to rest.; v. t.: To dismiss; to discard; to cashier.; v. t.: To compute; to reckon; to calculate; as to cast a horoscope.; v. t.: To contrive; to plan.; v. t.: To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict; as to be cast in damages.; v. t.: To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence to make preponderate; to decide; as a casting voice.; v. t.: To form into a particular shape by pouring liquid metal or other material into a mold; to fashion; to found; as to cast bells stoves bullets.; v. t.: To stereotype or electrotype.; v. t.: To fix distribute or allot as the parts of a play among actors; also to assign (an actor) for a part.; v. i.: To throw as a line in angling esp with a fly hook.; v. i.: To turn the head of a vessel around from the wind in getting under weigh.; v. i.: To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan; as to cast about for reasons.; v. i.: To calculate; to compute.; v. i.: To receive form or shape in a mold.; v. i.: To warp; to become twisted out of shape.; v. i.: To vomit.; : 3d pres. of Cast for Casteth.; n.: The act of casting or throwing; a throw.; n.: The thing thrown.; n.: The distance to which a thing is or can be thrown.; n.: A throw of dice; hence a chance or venture.; n.: That which is throw out or off shed or ejected; as the skin of an insect the refuse from a hawk's stomach the excrement of a earthworm.; n.: The act of casting in a mold.; n.: An impression or mold taken from a thing or person; amold; a pattern.; n.: That which is formed in a mild; esp. a reproduction or copy as of a work of art in bronze or plaster etc.; a casting.; n.: Form; appearence; mien; air; style; as a peculiar cast of countenance.; n.: A tendency to any color; a tinge; a shade.; n.: A chance opportunity privilege or advantage; specifically an opportunity of riding; a lift.; n.: The assignment of parts in a play to the actors.; n.: A flight or a couple or set of hawks let go at one time from the hand.; n.: A stoke touch or trick.; n.: A motion or turn as of the eye; direction; look; glance; squint.; n.: A tube or funnel for conveying metal into a mold.; n.: Four; that is as many as are thrown into a vessel at once in counting herrings etc; a warp.; n.: Contrivance; plot design.
Found on page(s): [82]

anxious - anxious, Definition(s): a.: Full of anxiety or disquietude; greatly concerned or solicitous esp. respecting something future or unknown; being in painful suspense; -- applied to persons; as anxious for the issue of a battle.; a.: Accompanied with or causing anxiety; worrying; -- applied to things; as anxious labor.; a.: Earnestly desirous; as anxious to please.
Found on page(s): [6, 56]

composite, - composite,, Definition(s): v. t.: Made up of distinct parts or elements; compounded; as a composite language.; v. t.: Belonging to a certain order which is composed of the Ionic order grafted upon the Corinthian. It is called also the Roman or the Italic order and is one of the five orders recognized by the Italian writers of the sixteenth century. See Capital.; v. t.: Belonging to the order Compositae; bearing involucrate heads of many small florets as the daisy thistle and dandelion.; n.: That which is made up of parts or compounded of several elements; composition; combination; compound.
Found on page(s): [3, 34]

inside, - inside,, Definition(s): adv.: Within the sides of; in the interior; contained within; as inside a house book bottle etc.; a.: Being within; included or inclosed in anything; contained; interior; internal; as the inside passengers of a stagecoach; inside decoration.; a.: Adapted to the interior.; n.: The part within; interior or internal portion; content.; n.: The inward parts; entrails; bowels; hence that which is within; private thoughts and feelings.; n.: An inside passenger of a coach or carriage as distinguished from one upon the outside.
Found on page(s): [80]

truly - truly, Definition(s): adv.: In a true manner; according to truth; in agreement with fact; as to state things truly; the facts are truly represented.; adv.: Exactly; justly; precisely; accurately; as to estimate truly the weight of evidence.; adv.: Sincerely; honestly; really; faithfully; as to be truly attached to a lover; the citizens are truly loyal to their prince or their country.; adv.: Conformably to law; legally; legitimately.; adv.: In fact; in deed; in reality; in truth.
Found on page(s): [41]

elevate - elevate, Definition(s): a.: Elevated; raised aloft.; v. t.: To bring from a lower place to a higher; to lift up; to raise; as to elevate a weight a flagstaff etc.; v. t.: To raise to a higher station; to promote; as to elevate to an office or to a high social position.; v. t.: To raise from a depressed state; to animate; to cheer; as to elevate the spirits.; v. t.: To exalt; to ennoble; to dignify; as to elevate the mind or character.; v. t.: To raise to a higher pitch or to a greater degree of loudness; -- said of sounds; as to elevate the voice.; v. t.: To intoxicate in a slight degree; to render tipsy.; v. t.: To lessen; to detract from; to disparage.
Found on page(s): [93]

designate - designate, Definition(s): v. t.: Designated; appointed; chosen.; v. t.: To mark out and make known; to point out; to name; to indicate; to show; to distinguish by marks or description; to specify; as to designate the boundaries of a country; to designate the rioters who are to be arrested.; v. t.: To call by a distinctive title; to name.; v. t.: To indicate or set apart for a purpose or duty; -- with to or for; to designate an officer for or to the command of a post or station.
Found on page(s): [52]

admired - admired, Definition(s): a.: Regarded with wonder and delight; highly prized; as an admired poem.; a.: Wonderful; also admirable.
Found on page(s): [58]

anarchy. - anarchy., Definition(s): n.: Absence of government; the state of society where there is no law or supreme power; a state of lawlessness; political confusion.; n.: Hence confusion or disorder in general.
Found on page(s): [27]

Lord - Lord, Definition(s): n.: A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.; n.: One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor as of a manor.; n.: A titled nobleman. whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense a boron as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.; n.: A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also for honor on certain official persons; as lord advocate lord chamberlain lord chancellor lord chief justice etc.; n.: A husband.; n.: One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.; n.: The Supreme Being; Jehovah.; n.: The Savior; Jesus Christ.; v. t.: To invest with the dignity power and privileges of a lord.; v. t.: To rule or preside over as a lord.; v. i.: To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Found on page(s): [35, 89]

duchy - duchy, Definition(s): n.: The territory or dominions of a duke; a dukedom.
Found on page(s): [82]

rely - rely, Definition(s): v. i.: To rest with confidence as when fully satisfied of the veracity integrity or ability of persons or of the certainty of facts or of evidence; to have confidence; to trust; to depend; -- with on formerly also with in.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 16, 26, 29, 43, 51, 71, 90]

divided, - divided,, Definition(s): a.: Parted; disunited; distributed.; a.: Cut into distinct parts by incisions which reach the midrib; -- said of a leaf.
Found on page(s): [77, 95]

failing - failing, Definition(s): n.: A failing short; a becoming deficient; failure; deficiency; imperfection; weakness; lapse; fault; infirmity; as a mental failing.; n.: The act of becoming insolvent of bankrupt.
Found on page(s): [23]

revenge, - revenge,, Definition(s): v. t.: To inflict harm in return for as an injury insult etc.; to exact satisfaction for under a sense of injury; to avenge; -- followed either by the wrong received or by the person or thing wronged as the object or by the reciprocal pronoun as direct object and a preposition before the wrong done or the wrongdoer.; v. t.: To inflict injury for in a spiteful wrong or malignant spirit; to wreak vengeance for maliciously.; n.: The act of revenging; vengeance; retaliation; a returning of evil for evil.; n.: The disposition to revenge; a malignant wishing of evil to one who has done us an injury.
Found on page(s): [79]

excessive - excessive, Definition(s): a.: Characterized by or exhibiting excess; overmuch.
Found on page(s): [3, 20]

revenge. - revenge., Definition(s): v. t.: To inflict harm in return for as an injury insult etc.; to exact satisfaction for under a sense of injury; to avenge; -- followed either by the wrong received or by the person or thing wronged as the object or by the reciprocal pronoun as direct object and a preposition before the wrong done or the wrongdoer.; v. t.: To inflict injury for in a spiteful wrong or malignant spirit; to wreak vengeance for maliciously.; n.: The act of revenging; vengeance; retaliation; a returning of evil for evil.; n.: The disposition to revenge; a malignant wishing of evil to one who has done us an injury.
Found on page(s): [6]

assault - assault, Definition(s): n.: A violent onset or attack with physical means as blows weapons etc.; an onslaught; the rush or charge of an attacking force; onset; as to make assault upon a man a house or a town.; n.: A violent onset or attack with moral weapons as words arguments appeals and the like; as to make an assault on the prerogatives of a prince or on the constitution of a government.; n.: An apparently violent attempt or willful offer with force or violence to do hurt to another; an attempt or offer to beat another accompanied by a degree of violence but without touching his person as by lifting the fist or a cane in a threatening manner or by striking at him and missing him. If the blow aimed takes effect it is a battery.; n.: To make an assault upon as by a sudden rush of armed men; to attack with unlawful or insulting physical violence or menaces.; n.: To attack with moral means or with a view of producing moral effects; to attack by words arguments or unfriendly measures; to assail; as to assault a reputation or an administration.
Found on page(s): [30]

damage - damage, Definition(s): n.: Injury or harm to person property or reputation; an inflicted loss of value; detriment; hurt; mischief.; n.: The estimated reparation in money for detriment or injury sustained; a compensation recompense or satisfaction to one party for a wrong or injury actually done to him by another.; n.: To ocassion damage to the soudness goodness or value of; to hurt; to injure; to impair.; v. i.: To receive damage or harm; to be injured or impaired in soudness or value; as. some colors in /oth damage in sunlight.
Found on page(s): [31, 93]

defence. - defence., Definition(s): n. & v. t.: See Defense.; n.: The act of defending or the state of being defended; protection as from violence or danger.; n.: That which defends or protects; anything employed to oppose attack ward off violence or danger or maintain security; a guard; a protection.; n.: Protecting plea; vindication; justification.; n.: The defendant's answer or plea; an opposing or denial of the truth or validity of the plaintiff's or prosecutor's case; the method of proceeding adopted by the defendant to protect himself against the plaintiff's action.; n.: Act or skill in making defense; defensive plan or policy; practice in self defense as in fencing boxing etc.; n.: Prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.
Found on page(s): [31, 74]

defence, - defence,, Definition(s): n. & v. t.: See Defense.; n.: The act of defending or the state of being defended; protection as from violence or danger.; n.: That which defends or protects; anything employed to oppose attack ward off violence or danger or maintain security; a guard; a protection.; n.: Protecting plea; vindication; justification.; n.: The defendant's answer or plea; an opposing or denial of the truth or validity of the plaintiff's or prosecutor's case; the method of proceeding adopted by the defendant to protect himself against the plaintiff's action.; n.: Act or skill in making defense; defensive plan or policy; practice in self defense as in fencing boxing etc.; n.: Prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.
Found on page(s): [24]

guard - guard, Definition(s): n.: To protect from danger; to secure against surprise attack or injury; to keep in safety; to defend; to shelter; to shield from surprise or attack; to protect by attendance; to accompany for protection; to care for.; n.: To keep watch over in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence or the like.; n.: To protect the edge of esp. with an ornamental border; hence to face or ornament with lists laces etc.; n.: To fasten by binding; to gird.; v. i.: To watch by way of caution or defense; to be caution; to be in a state or position of defense or safety; as careful persons guard against mistakes.; v. t.: One who or that which guards from injury danger exposure or attack; defense; protection.; v. t.: A man or body of men stationed to protect or control a person or position; a watch; a sentinel.; v. t.: One who has charge of a mail coach or a railway train; a conductor.; v. t.: That part of a sword hilt which protects the hand.; v. t.: Ornamental lace or hem protecting the edge of a garment.; v. t.: A chain or cord for fastening a watch to one's person or dress.; v. t.: A fence or rail to prevent falling from the deck of a vessel.; v. t.: An extension of the deck of a vessel beyond the hull; esp. in side-wheel steam vessels the framework of strong timbers which curves out on each side beyond the paddle wheel and protects it and the shaft against collision.; v. t.: A plate of metal beneath the stock or the lock frame of a gun or pistol having a loop called a bow to protect the trigger.; v. t.: An interleaved strip at the back as in a scrap book to guard against its breaking when filled.; v. t.: A posture of defense in fencing and in bayonet and saber exercise.; v. t.: An expression or admission intended to secure against objections or censure.; v. t.: Watch; heed; care; attention; as to keep guard.; v. t.: The fibrous sheath which covers the phragmacone of the Belemnites.
Found on page(s): [28, 42, 47, 48, 54]

settle - settle, Definition(s): n.: A seat of any kind.; n.: A bench; especially a bench with a high back.; n.: A place made lower than the rest; a wide step or platform lower than some other part.; n.: To place in a fixed or permanent condition; to make firm steady or stable; to establish; to fix; esp. to establish in life; to fix in business in a home or the like.; n.: To establish in the pastoral office; to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church society or parish; as to settle a minister.; n.: To cause to be no longer in a disturbed condition; to render quiet; to still; to calm; to compose.; n.: To clear of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink; to render pure or clear; -- said of a liquid; as to settle coffee or the grounds of coffee.; n.: To restore or bring to a smooth dry or passable condition; -- said of the ground of roads and the like; as clear weather settles the roads.; n.: To cause to sink; to lower; to depress; hence also to render close or compact; as to settle the contents of a barrel or bag by shaking it.; n.: To determine as something which is exposed to doubt or question; to free from unscertainty or wavering; to make sure firm or constant; to establish; to compose; to quiet; as to settle the mind when agitated; to settle questions of law; to settle the succession to a throne; to settle an allowance.; n.: To adjust as something in discussion; to make up; to compose; to pacify; as to settle a quarrel.; n.: To adjust as accounts; to liquidate; to balance; as to settle an account.; n.: Hence to pay; as to settle a bill.; n.: To plant with inhabitants; to colonize; to people; as the French first settled Canada; the Puritans settled New England; Plymouth was settled in 1620.; v. i.: To become fixed or permanent; to become stationary; to establish one's self or itself; to assume a lasting form condition direction or the like in place of a temporary or changing state.; v. i.: To fix one's residence; to establish a dwelling place or home; as the Saxons who settled in Britain.; v. i.: To enter into the married state or the state of a householder.; v. i.: To be established in an employment or profession; as to settle in the practice of law.; v. i.: To become firm dry and hard as the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared; as the roads settled late in the spring.; v. i.: To become clear after being turbid or obscure; to clarify by depositing matter held in suspension; as the weather settled; wine settles by standing.; v. i.: To sink to the bottom; to fall to the bottom as dregs of a liquid or the sediment of a reserveir.; v. i.: To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside as the foundation of a house etc.; v. i.: To become calm; to cease from agitation.; v. i.: To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement; as he has settled with his creditors.; v. i.: To make a jointure for a wife.
Found on page(s): [1, 9]

obedient, - obedient,, Definition(s): a.: Subject in will or act to authority; willing to obey; submissive to restraint control or command.
Found on page(s): [78]

harsh - harsh, Definition(s): a.: disagreeable to the touch.; a.: disagreeable to the taste.; a.: disagreeable to the ear.; a.: Unpleasant and repulsive to the sensibilities; austere; crabbed; morose; abusive; abusive; severe; rough.; a.: Having violent contrasts of color or of light and shade; lacking in harmony.
Found on page(s): [26]

exercise - exercise, Definition(s): n.: The act of exercising; a setting in action or practicing; employment in the proper mode of activity; exertion; application; use; habitual activity; occupation in general; practice.; n.: Exertion for the sake of training or improvement whether physical intellectual or moral; practice to acquire skill knowledge virtue perfectness grace etc.; n.: Bodily exertion for the sake of keeping the organs and functions in a healthy state; hygienic activity; as to take exercise on horseback.; n.: The performance of an office a ceremony or a religious duty.; n.: That which is done for the sake of exercising practicing training or promoting skill health mental improvement moral discipline etc.; that which is assigned or prescribed for such ends; hence a disquisition; a lesson; a task; as military or naval exercises; musical exercises; an exercise in composition.; n.: That which gives practice; a trial; a test.; v. t.: To set in action; to cause to act move or make exertion; to give employment to; to put in action habitually or constantly; to school or train; to exert repeatedly; to busy.; v. t.: To exert for the sake of training or improvement; to practice in order to develop; hence also to improve by practice; to discipline and to use or to for the purpose of training; as to exercise arms; to exercise one's self in music; to exercise troops.; v. t.: To occupy the attention and effort of; to task; to tax especially in a painful or vexatious manner; harass; to vex; to worry or make anxious; to affect; to discipline; as exercised with pain.; v. t.: To put in practice; to carry out in action; to perform the duties of; to use; to employ; to practice; as to exercise authority; to exercise an office.; v. i.: To exercise one's self as under military training; to drill; to take exercise; to use action or exertion; to practice gymnastics; as to exercise for health or amusement.
Found on page(s): [29, 43, 44, 46, 47, 57, 87]

useful; - useful;, Definition(s): a.: Full of use advantage or profit; producing or having power to produce good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts.
Found on page(s): [52]

undone, - undone,, Definition(s): : p. p. of Undo.; a.: Not done or performed; neglected.
Found on page(s): [39]

pressing - pressing, Definition(s): a.: Urgent; exacting; importunate; as a pressing necessity.
Found on page(s): [101]

freedom - freedom, Definition(s): n.: The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence.; n.: Privileges; franchises; immunities.; n.: Exemption from necessity in choise and action; as the freedom of the will.; n.: Ease; facility; as he speaks or acts with freedom.; n.: Frankness; openness; unreservedness.; n.: Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license.; n.: Generosity; liberality.
Found on page(s): [13]

vim; - vim;, Definition(s): n.: Power; force; energy; spirit; activity; vigor.
Found on page(s): [51]

glorious - glorious, Definition(s): n.: Exhibiting attributes qualities or acts that are worthy of or receive glory; noble; praiseworthy; excellent; splendid; illustrious; inspiring admiration; as glorious deeds.; n.: Eager for glory or distinction; haughty; boastful; ostentatious; vainglorious.; n.: Ecstatic; hilarious; elated with drink.
Found on page(s): [61]

protect - protect, Definition(s): v. t.: To cover or shield from danger or injury; to defend; to guard; to preserve in safety; as a father protects his children.
Found on page(s): [56, 66]

vile - vile, Definition(s): superl.: Low; base; worthless; mean; despicable.; superl.: Morally base or impure; depraved by sin; hateful; in the sight of God and men; sinful; wicked; bad.
Found on page(s): [60]

born - born, Definition(s): v. t.: Brought forth as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.; v. t.: Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as a born liar.
Found on page(s): [8, 17, 18, 22, 24, 37, 39, 41, 42, 43, 55, 65, 71, 72, 86, 102]

superfluous - superfluous, Definition(s): a.: More than is wanted or is sufficient; rendered unnecessary by superabundance; unnecessary; useless; excessive; as a superfluous price.
Found on page(s): [18, 32, 106]

clement - clement, Definition(s): a.: Mild in temper and disposition; merciful; compassionate.
Found on page(s): [47]

kill - kill, Definition(s): n.: A kiln.; n.: A channel or arm of the sea; a river; a stream; as the channel between Staten Island and Bergen Neck is the Kill van Kull or the Kills; -- used also in composition; as Schuylkill Catskill etc.; v. t.: To deprive of life animal or vegetable in any manner or by any means; to render inanimate; to put to death; to slay.; v. t.: To destroy; to ruin; as to kill one's chances; to kill the sale of a book.; v. t.: To cause to cease; to quell; to calm; to still; as in seamen's language a shower of rain kills the wind.; v. t.: To destroy the effect of; to counteract; to neutralize; as alkali kills acid.
Found on page(s): [85, 99, 106]

useful. - useful., Definition(s): a.: Full of use advantage or profit; producing or having power to produce good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts.
Found on page(s): [6]

defence; - defence;, Definition(s): n. & v. t.: See Defense.; n.: The act of defending or the state of being defended; protection as from violence or danger.; n.: That which defends or protects; anything employed to oppose attack ward off violence or danger or maintain security; a guard; a protection.; n.: Protecting plea; vindication; justification.; n.: The defendant's answer or plea; an opposing or denial of the truth or validity of the plaintiff's or prosecutor's case; the method of proceeding adopted by the defendant to protect himself against the plaintiff's action.; n.: Act or skill in making defense; defensive plan or policy; practice in self defense as in fencing boxing etc.; n.: Prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.
Found on page(s): [31, 43]

disorder - disorder, Definition(s): n.: Want of order or regular disposition; lack of arrangement; confusion; disarray; as the troops were thrown into disorder; the papers are in disorder.; n.: Neglect of order or system; irregularity.; n.: Breach of public order; disturbance of the peace of society; tumult.; n.: Disturbance of the functions of the animal economy of the soul; sickness; derangement.; v. t.: To disturb the order of; to derange or disarrange; to throw into confusion; to confuse.; v. t.: To disturb or interrupt the regular and natural functions of (either body or mind); to produce sickness or indisposition in; to discompose; to derange; as to disorder the head or stomach.; v. t.: To depose from holy orders.
Found on page(s): [64]

Seventh,(*) - Seventh,(*), Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the sixth;; coming after six others.; a.: Constituting or being one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided; as the seventh part.; n.: One next in order after the sixth; one coming after six others.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by seven; one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: An interval embracing seven diatonic degrees of the scale.; n.: A chord which includes the interval of a seventh whether major minor or diminished.
Found on page(s): [40]

parted - parted, Definition(s): a.: Separated; devided.; a.: Endowed with parts or abilities.; a.: Cleft so that the divisions reach nearly but not quite to the midrib or the base of the blade; -- said of a leaf and used chiefly in composition; as three-parted five-parted etc.
Found on page(s): [84]

Italian, - Italian,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Italy or to its people or language.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Italy.; n.: The language used in Italy or by the Italians.
Found on page(s): [78]

shut - shut, Definition(s): v. t.: To close so as to hinder ingress or egress; as to shut a door or a gate; to shut one's eyes or mouth.; v. t.: To forbid entrance into; to prohibit; to bar; as to shut the ports of a country by a blockade.; v. t.: To preclude; to exclude; to bar out.; v. t.: To fold together; to close over as the fingers; to close by bringing the parts together; as to shut the hand; to shut a book.; v. i.: To close itself; to become closed; as the door shuts; it shuts hard.; a.: Closed or fastened; as a shut door.; a.: Rid; clear; free; as to get shut of a person.; a.: Formed by complete closure of the mouth passage and with the nose passage remaining closed; stopped as are the mute consonants p t k b d and hard g.; a.: Cut off sharply and abruptly by a following consonant in the same syllable as the English short vowels / / / / / always are.; n.: The act or time of shutting; close; as the shut of a door.; n.: A door or cover; a shutter.; n.: The line or place where two pieces of metal are united by welding.
Found on page(s): [8]

luck - luck, Definition(s): n.: That which happens to a person; an event good or ill affecting one's interests or happiness and which is deemed casual; a course or series of such events regarded as occurring by chance; chance; hap; fate; fortune; often one's habitual or characteristic fortune; as good bad ill or hard luck. Luck is often used for good luck; as luck is better than skill.
Found on page(s): [19, 21]

magnificence; - magnificence;, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing what magnificent; the state or quality of being magnificent.
Found on page(s): [45]

ascent, - ascent,, Definition(s): : The act of rising; motion upward; rise; a mounting upward; as he made a tedious ascent; the ascent of vapors from the earth.; : The way or means by which one ascends.; : An eminence hill or high place.; : The degree of elevation of an object or the angle it makes with a horizontal line; inclination; rising grade; as a road has an ascent of five degrees.
Found on page(s): [16]

influence - influence, Definition(s): n.: A flowing in or upon; influx.; n.: Hence in general the bringing about of an effect phusical or moral by a gradual process; controlling power quietly exerted; agency force or tendency of any kind which the sun exerts on animal and vegetable life; the influence of education on the mind; the influence according to astrologersof the stars over affairs.; n.: Power or authority arising from elevated station excelence of character or intellect wealth etc.; reputation; acknowledged ascendency; as he is a man of influence in the community.; n.: Induction.; v. t.: To control or move by power physical or moral; to affect by gentle action; to exert an influence upon; to modify bias or sway; to move; to persuade; to induce.
Found on page(s): [7]

prudently - prudently, Definition(s): adv.: In a prudent manner.
Found on page(s): [3]

contented, - contented,, Definition(s): a.: Content; easy in mind; satisfied; quiet; willing.
Found on page(s): [56]

cloud - cloud, Definition(s): n.: A collection of visible vapor or watery particles suspended in the upper atmosphere.; n.: A mass or volume of smoke or flying dust resembling vapor.; n.: A dark vein or spot on a lighter material as in marble; hence a blemish or defect; as a cloud upon one's reputation; a cloud on a title.; n.: That which has a dark lowering or threatening aspect; that which temporarily overshadows obscures or depresses; as a cloud of sorrow; a cloud of war; a cloud upon the intellect.; n.: A great crowd or multitude; a vast collection.; n.: A large loosely-knitted scarf worn by women about the head.; v. t.: To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds; as the sky is clouded.; v. t.: To darken or obscure as if by hiding or enveloping with a cloud; hence to render gloomy or sullen.; v. t.: To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish; to damage; -- esp. used of reputation or character.; v. t.: To mark with or darken in veins or sports; to variegate with colors; as to cloud yarn.; v. i.: To grow cloudy; to become obscure with clouds; -- often used with up.
Found on page(s): [77]

talent - talent, Definition(s): v. t.: Among the ancient Greeks a weight and a denomination of money equal to 60 minae or 6000 drachmae. The Attic talent as a weight was about 57 lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver money its value was ยฃ243 15s. sterling or about $1180.; v. t.: Among the Hebrews a weight and denomination of money. For silver it was equivalent to 3000 shekels and in weight was equal to about 93/ lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver it has been variously estimated at from ยฃ340 to ยฃ396 sterling or about $1645 to $1916. For gold it was equal to 10000 gold shekels.; v. t.: Inclination; will; disposition; desire.; v. t.: Intellectual ability natural or acquired; mental endowment or capacity; skill in accomplishing; a special gift particularly in business art or the like; faculty; a use of the word probably originating in the Scripture parable of the talents (Matt. xxv. 14-30).
Found on page(s): [24]

shun - shun, Definition(s): v. t.: To avoid; to keep clear of; to get out of the way of; to escape from; to eschew; as to shun rocks shoals vice.
Found on page(s): [28]

George," - George,", Definition(s): n.: A figure of St. George (the patron saint of England) on horseback appended to the collar of the Order of the Garter. See Garter.; n.: A kind of brown loaf.
Found on page(s): [38]

vine - vine, Definition(s): n.: Any woody climbing plant which bears grapes.; n.: Hence a climbing or trailing plant; the long slender stem of any plant that trails on the ground or climbs by winding round a fixed object or by seizing anything with its tendrils or claspers; a creeper; as the hop vine; the bean vine; the vines of melons squashes pumpkins and other cucurbitaceous plants.
Found on page(s): [86]

negotiate - negotiate, Definition(s): v. i.: To transact business; to carry on trade.; v. i.: To treat with another respecting purchase and sale or some business affair; to bargain or trade; as to negotiate with a man for the purchase of goods or a farm.; v. i.: To hold intercourse respecting a treaty league or convention; to treat with respecting peace or commerce; to conduct communications or conferences.; v. i.: To intrigue; to scheme.; v. t.: To carry on negotiations concerning; to procure or arrange for by negotiation; as to negotiate peace or an exchange.; v. t.: To transfer for a valuable consideration under rules of commercial law; to sell; to pass.
Found on page(s): [81, 82]

cruel; - cruel;, Definition(s): n.: See Crewel.; a.: Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt torment or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless.; a.: Causing or fitted to cause pain grief or misery.; a.: Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
Found on page(s): [47]

king - king, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [8, 10, 11, 19, 32, 56, 65, 107]

kind - kind, Definition(s): superl.: Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.; superl.: Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as a kind man; a kind heart.; superl.: Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious.; superl.: Proceeding from or characterized by goodness gentleness or benevolence; as a kind act.; superl.: Gentle; tractable; easily governed; as a horse kind in harness.; a.: Nature; natural instinct or disposition.; a.: Race; genus; species; generic class; as in mankind or humankind.; a.: Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class; as there are several kinds of eloquence of style and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil etc.; v. t.: To beget.
Found on page(s): [6, 20, 30, 35, 58, 76, 78]

administration. - administration., Definition(s): n.: The act of administering; government of public affairs; the service rendered or duties assumed in conducting affairs; the conducting of any office or employment; direction; management.; n.: The executive part of government; the persons collectively who are intrusted with the execution of laws and the superintendence of public affairs; the chief magistrate and his cabinet or council; or the council or ministry alone as in Great Britain.; n.: The act of administering or tendering something to another; dispensation; as the administration of a medicine of an oath of justice or of the sacrament.; n.: The management and disposal under legal authority of the estate of an intestate or of a testator having no competent executor.; n.: The management of an estate of a deceased person by an executor the strictly corresponding term execution not being in use.
Found on page(s): [58]

tumult - tumult, Definition(s): n.: The commotion or agitation of a multitude usually accompanied with great noise uproar and confusion of voices; hurly-burly; noisy confusion.; n.: Violent commotion or agitation with confusion of sounds; as the tumult of the elements.; n.: Irregular or confused motion; agitation; high excitement; as the tumult of the spirits or passions.; v. i.: To make a tumult; to be in great commotion.
Found on page(s): [85, 94, 98]

caution, - caution,, Definition(s): n.: A careful attention to the probable effects of an act in order that failure or harm may be avoided; prudence in regard to danger; provident care; wariness.; n.: Security; guaranty; bail.; n.: Precept or warning against evil of any kind; exhortation to wariness; advice; injunction.; v. t.: To give notice of danger to; to warn; to exhort [one] to take heed.
Found on page(s): [22, 30, 74]

lost. - lost., Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [72]

cruel. - cruel., Definition(s): n.: See Crewel.; a.: Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt torment or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless.; a.: Causing or fitted to cause pain grief or misery.; a.: Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
Found on page(s): [47]

lost, - lost,, Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [3, 22, 63]

lost: - lost:, Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [8]

citizen, - citizen,, Definition(s): n.: One who enjoys the freedom and privileges of a city; a freeman of a city as distinguished from a foreigner or one not entitled to its franchises.; n.: An inhabitant of a city; a townsman.; n.: A person native or naturalized of either sex who owes allegiance to a government and is entitled to reciprocal protection from it.; n.: One who is domiciled in a country and who is a citizen though neither native nor naturalized in such a sense that he takes his legal status from such country.; a.: Having the condition or qualities of a citizen or of citizens; as a citizen soldiery.; a.: Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a city; characteristic of citizens; effeminate; luxurious.
Found on page(s): [16]

"faith," - "faith,", Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [52]

parting - parting, Definition(s): v.: Serving to part; dividing; separating.; v.: Given when departing; as a parting shot; a parting salute.; v.: Departing.; v.: Admitting of being parted; partible.; n.: The act of parting or dividing; the state of being parted; division; separation.; n.: A separation; a leave-taking.; n.: A surface or line of separation where a division occurs.; n.: The surface of the sand of one section of a mold where it meets that of another section.; n.: The separation and determination of alloys; esp. the separation as by acids of gold from silver in the assay button.; n.: A joint or fissure as in a coal seam.; n.: The breaking as of a cable by violence.; n.: Lamellar separation in a crystallized mineral due to some other cause than cleavage as to the presence of twinning lamellae.
Found on page(s): [84]

phrase - phrase, Definition(s): n.: A brief expression sometimes a single word but usually two or more words forming an expression by themselves or being a portion of a sentence; as an adverbial phrase.; n.: A short pithy expression; especially one which is often employed; a peculiar or idiomatic turn of speech; as to err is human.; n.: A mode or form of speech; the manner or style in which any one expreses himself; diction; expression.; n.: A short clause or portion of a period.; v. t.: To express in words or in peculiar words; to call; to style.; v. i.: To use proper or fine phrases.; v. i.: To group notes into phrases; as he phrases well. See Phrase n. 4.
Found on page(s): [52]

efficacious - efficacious, Definition(s): n.: Possessing the quality of being effective; productive of or powerful to produce the effect intended; as an efficacious law.
Found on page(s): [54]

corrupter - corrupter, Definition(s): n.: One who corrupts; one who vitiates or taints; as a corrupter of morals.
Found on page(s): [49]

affection - affection, Definition(s): n.: The act of affecting or acting upon; the state of being affected.; n.: An attribute; a quality or property; a condition; a bodily state; as figure weight etc.  are affections of bodies.; n.: Bent of mind; a feeling or natural impulse or natural impulse acting upon and swaying the mind; any emotion; as the benevolent affections esteem gratitude etc.; the malevolent affections hatred envy etc.; inclination; disposition; propensity; tendency.; n.: A settled good will; kind feeling; love; zealous or tender attachment; -- often in the pl. Formerly followed by to but now more generally by for or towards; as filial social or conjugal affections; to have an affection for or towards children.; n.: Prejudice; bias.; n.: Disease; morbid symptom; malady; as a pulmonary affection.; n.: The lively representation of any emotion.; n.: Affectation.; n.: Passion; violent emotion.
Found on page(s): [64]

caution; - caution;, Definition(s): n.: A careful attention to the probable effects of an act in order that failure or harm may be avoided; prudence in regard to danger; provident care; wariness.; n.: Security; guaranty; bail.; n.: Precept or warning against evil of any kind; exhortation to wariness; advice; injunction.; v. t.: To give notice of danger to; to warn; to exhort [one] to take heed.
Found on page(s): [5]

daughter - daughter, Definition(s): n.: The female offspring of the human species; a female child of any age; -- applied also to the lower animals.; n.: A female descendant; a woman.; n.: A son's wife; a daughter-in-law.; n.: A term of address indicating parental interest.
Found on page(s): [10, 18, 37, 65, 71]

omit - omit, Definition(s): v. t.: To let go; to leave unmentioned; not to insert or name; to drop.; v. t.: To pass by; to forbear or fail to perform or to make use of; to leave undone; to neglect.
Found on page(s): [28, 88]

courteous - courteous, Definition(s): a.: Of courtlike manners; pertaining to or expressive of courtesy; characterized by courtesy; civil; obliging; well bred; polite; affable; complaisant.
Found on page(s): [88, 104]

cloth - cloth, Definition(s): n.: A fabric made of fibrous material (or sometimes of wire as in wire cloth); commonly a woven fabric of cotton woolen or linen adapted to be made into garments; specifically woolen fabrics as distinguished from all others.; n.: The dress; raiment. [Obs.] See Clothes.; n.: The distinctive dress of any profession especially of the clergy; hence the clerical profession.
Found on page(s): [1]

terrify - terrify, Definition(s): v. t.: To make terrible.; v. t.: To alarm or shock with fear; to frighten.
Found on page(s): [51, 55]

awaken - awaken, Definition(s): : of Awake.; v. t.: To rouse from sleep or torpor; to awake; to wake.
Found on page(s): [82]

captain - captain, Definition(s): n.: The military officer who commands a company troop or battery or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service.; n.: An officer in the United States navy next above a commander and below a commodore and ranking with a colonel in the army.; n.: By courtesy an officer actually commanding a vessel although not having the rank of captain.; n.: The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel.; n.: One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as a captain of a top captain of a gun etc.; n.: The foreman of a body of workmen.; n.: A person having authority over others acting in concert; as the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team.; n.: A military leader; a warrior.; v. t.: To act as captain of; to lead.; a.: Chief; superior.
Found on page(s): [35, 36, 43, 89, 90, 91, 92]

danger; - danger;, Definition(s): n.: Authority; jurisdiction; control.; n.: Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty.; n.: Exposure to injury loss pain or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity.; n.: Difficulty; sparingness.; n.: Coyness; disdainful behavior.; v. t.: To endanger.
Found on page(s): [46]

footing - footing, Definition(s): n.: Ground for the foot; place for the foot to rest on; firm foundation to stand on.; n.: Standing; position; established place; basis for operation; permanent settlement; foothold.; n.: Relative condition; state.; n.: Tread; step; especially measured tread.; n.: The act of adding up a column of figures; the amount or sum total of such a column.; n.: The act of putting a foot to anything; also that which is added as a foot; as the footing of a stocking.; n.: A narrow cotton lace without figures.; n.: The finer refuse part of whale blubber not wholly deprived of oil.; n.: The thickened or sloping portion of a wall or of an embankment at its foot.
Found on page(s): [6, 101]

Soldan - Soldan, Definition(s): n.: A sultan.
Found on page(s): [61]

administrator - administrator, Definition(s): n.: One who administers affairs; one who directs manages executes or dispenses whether in civil judicial political or ecclesiastical affairs; a manager.; n.: A man who manages or settles the estate of an intestate or of a testator when there is no competent executor; one to whom the right of administration has been committed by competent authority.
Found on page(s): [88]

cruel, - cruel,, Definition(s): n.: See Crewel.; a.: Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt torment or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless.; a.: Causing or fitted to cause pain grief or misery.; a.: Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
Found on page(s): [45, 57]

patient - patient, Definition(s): a.: Having the quality of enduring; physically able to suffer or bear.; a.: Undergoing pains trails or the like without murmuring or fretfulness; bearing up with equanimity against trouble; long-suffering.; a.: Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent; as patient endeavor.; a.: Expectant with calmness or without discontent; not hasty; not overeager; composed.; a.: Forbearing; long-suffering.; n.: ONe who or that which is passively affected; a passive recipient.; n.: A person under medical or surgical treatment; -- correlative to physician or nurse.; v. t.: To compose to calm.
Found on page(s): [71]

sad - sad, Definition(s): supperl.: Sated; satisfied; weary; tired.; supperl.: Heavy; weighty; ponderous; close; hard.; supperl.: Dull; grave; dark; somber; -- said of colors.; supperl.: Serious; grave; sober; steadfast; not light or frivolous.; supperl.: Affected with grief or unhappiness; cast down with affliction; downcast; gloomy; mournful.; supperl.: Afflictive; calamitous; causing sorrow; as a sad accident; a sad misfortune.; supperl.: Hence bad; naughty; troublesome; wicked.; v. t.: To make sorrowful; to sadden.
Found on page(s): [57]

danger. - danger., Definition(s): n.: Authority; jurisdiction; control.; n.: Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty.; n.: Exposure to injury loss pain or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity.; n.: Difficulty; sparingness.; n.: Coyness; disdainful behavior.; v. t.: To endanger.
Found on page(s): [96]

sheer - sheer, Definition(s): v. i.: Bright; clear; pure; unmixed.; v. i.: Very thin or transparent; -- applied to fabrics; as sheer muslin.; v. i.: Being only what it seems to be; obvious; simple; mere; downright; as sheer folly; sheer nonsense.; v. i.: Stright up and down; vertical; prpendicular.; adv.: Clean; quite; at once.; v. t.: To shear.; v. i.: To decline or deviate from the line of the proper course; to turn aside; to swerve; as a ship sheers from her course; a horse sheers at a bicycle.; n.: The longitudinal upward curvature of the deck gunwale and lines of a vessel as when viewed from the side.; n.: The position of a vessel riding at single anchor and swinging clear of it.; n.: A turn or change in a course.; n.: Shears See Shear.
Found on page(s): [98]

miracle - miracle, Definition(s): n.: A wonder or wonderful thing.; n.: Specifically: An event or effect contrary to the established constitution and course of things or a deviation from the known laws of nature; a supernatural event or one transcending the ordinary laws by which the universe is governed.; n.: A miracle play.; n.: A story or legend abounding in miracles.; v. t.: To make wonderful.
Found on page(s): [10]

imitation - imitation, Definition(s): n.: The act of imitating.; n.: That which is made or produced as a copy; that which is made to resemble something else whether for laudable or for fraudulent purposes; likeness; resemblance.; n.: One of the principal means of securing unity and consistency in polyphonic composition; the repetition of essentially the same melodic theme phrase or motive on different degrees of pitch by one or more of the other parts of voises. Cf. Canon.; n.: The act of condition of imitating another species of animal or a plant or unanimate object. See Imitate v. t. 3.
Found on page(s): [14, 22, 44]

danger, - danger,, Definition(s): n.: Authority; jurisdiction; control.; n.: Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty.; n.: Exposure to injury loss pain or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity.; n.: Difficulty; sparingness.; n.: Coyness; disdainful behavior.; v. t.: To endanger.
Found on page(s): [78, 104]

profit - profit, Definition(s): n.: Acquisition beyond expenditure; excess of value received for producing keeping or selling over cost; hence pecuniary gain in any transaction or occupation; emolument; as a profit on the sale of goods.; n.: To be of service to; to be good to; to help on; to benefit; to advantage; to avail; to aid; as truth profits all men.; v. i.: To gain advantage; to make improvement; to improve; to gain; to advance.; v. i.: To be of use or advantage; to do or bring good.
Found on page(s): [64, 69]

sheep - sheep, Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: Any one of several species of ruminants of the genus Ovis native of the higher mountains of both hemispheres but most numerous in Asia.; n. sing. & pl.: A weak bashful silly fellow.; n. sing. & pl.: Fig.: The people of God as being under the government and protection of Christ the great Shepherd.
Found on page(s): [60]

rest - rest, Definition(s): v. t.: To arrest.; n.: A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.; n.: Hence freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.; n.: Sleep; slumber; hence poetically death.; n.: That on which anything rests or leans for support; as a rest in a lathe for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.; n.: A projection from the right side of the cuirass serving to support the lance.; n.: A place where one may rest either temporarily as in an inn or permanently as in an abode.; n.: A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.; n.: The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.; n.: A set or game at tennis.; n.: Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are whole half quarteretc.; n.: To cease from action or motion especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.; n.: To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.; n.: To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as to rest on a couch.; n.: To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as a column rests on its pedestal.; n.: To sleep; to slumber; hence poetically to be dead.; n.: To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as to rest on a man's promise.; n.: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.; v. t.: To lay or place at rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To place as on a support; to cause to lean.; n.: That which is left or which remains after the separation of a part either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.; n.: Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.; n.: A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends etc.; in the Bank of England the balance of assets above liabilities.; v. i.: To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Found on page(s): [6, 21, 25, 46, 53, 61, 80, 83, 103]

move - move, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry convey draw or push from one place to another; to impel; to stir; as the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a carriage.; v. t.: To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another according to the rules of the game; as to move a king.; v. t.: To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation persuasion or appeal; to influence.; v. t.: To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially to excite to tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite as an emotion.; v. t.: To propose; to recommend; specifically to propose formally for consideration and determination in a deliberative assembly; to submit as a resolution to be adopted; as to move to adjourn.; v. t.: To apply to as for aid.; v. i.: To change place or posture; to stir; to go in any manner from one place or position to another; as a ship moves rapidly.; v. i.: To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as to move in a matter.; v. i.: To change residence; to remove as from one house town or state to another.; v. i.: To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game.; n.: The act of moving; a movement.; n.: The act of moving one of the pieces from one position to another in the progress of the game.; n.: An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.
Found on page(s): [75, 97, 100]

wait. - wait., Definition(s): v. i.: To watch; to observe; to take notice.; v. i.: To stay or rest in expectation; to stop or remain stationary till the arrival of some person or event; to rest in patience; to stay; not to depart.; v. t.: To stay for; to rest or remain stationary in expectation of; to await; as to wait orders.; v. t.: To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany; to await.; v. t.: To attend on; to accompany; especially to attend with ceremony or respect.; v. t.: To cause to wait; to defer; to postpone; -- said of a meal; as to wait dinner.; v. i.: The act of waiting; a delay; a halt.; v. i.: Ambush.; v. i.: One who watches; a watchman.; v. i.: Hautboys or oboes played by town musicians; not used in the singular.; v. i.: Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.
Found on page(s): [83]

victory, - victory,, Definition(s): n.: The defeat of an enemy in battle or of an antagonist in any contest; a gaining of the superiority in any struggle or competition; conquest; triumph; -- the opposite of defeat.
Found on page(s): [12]

shock. - shock., Definition(s): n.: A pile or assemblage of sheaves of grain as wheat rye or the like set up in a field the sheaves varying in number from twelve to sixteen; a stook.; n.: A lot consisting of sixty pieces; -- a term applied in some Baltic ports to loose goods.; v. t.: To collect or make up into a shock or shocks; to stook; as to shock rye.; v. i.: To be occupied with making shocks.; n.: A quivering or shaking which is the effect of a blow collision or violent impulse; a blow impact or collision; a concussion; a sudden violent impulse or onset.; n.: A sudden agitation of the mind or feelings; a sensation of pleasure or pain caused by something unexpected or overpowering; also a sudden agitating or overpowering event.; n.: A sudden depression of the vital forces of the entire body or of a port of it marking some profound impression produced upon the nervous system as by severe injury overpowering emotion or the like.; n.: The sudden convulsion or contraction of the muscles with the feeling of a concussion caused by the discharge through the animal system of electricity from a charged body.; v.: To give a shock to; to cause to shake or waver; hence to strike against suddenly; to encounter with violence.; v.: To strike with surprise terror horror or disgust; to cause to recoil; as his violence shocked his associates.; v. i.: To meet with a shock; to meet in violent encounter.; n.: A dog with long hair or shag; -- called also shockdog.; n.: A thick mass of bushy hair; as a head covered with a shock of sandy hair.; a.: Bushy; shaggy; as a shock hair.
Found on page(s): [21]

deviate - deviate, Definition(s): v. i.: To go out of the way; to turn aside from a course or a method; to stray or go astray; to err; to digress; to diverge; to vary.; v. t.: To cause to deviate.
Found on page(s): [75]

saw - saw, Definition(s): : imp. of See.; v. t.: Something said; speech; discourse.; v. t.: A saying; a proverb; a maxim.; v. t.: Dictate; command; decree.; n.: An instrument for cutting or dividing substances as wood iron etc. consisting of a thin blade or plate of steel with a series of sharp teeth on the edge which remove successive portions of the material by cutting and tearing.; v. t.: To cut with a saw; to separate with a saw; as to saw timber or marble.; v. t.: To form by cutting with a saw; as to saw boards or planks that is to saw logs or timber into boards or planks; to saw shingles; to saw out a panel.; v. t.: Also used figuratively; as to saw the air.; v. i.: To use a saw; to practice sawing; as a man saws well.; v. i.: To cut as a saw; as the saw or mill saws fast.; v. i.: To be cut with a saw; as the timber saws smoothly.
Found on page(s): [19, 40, 84, 86, 90, 97, 98, 100, 101, 102, 105, 107]

irresolute, - irresolute,, Definition(s): a.: Not resolute; not decided or determined; wavering; given to doubt or irresolution.
Found on page(s): [54]

spread - spread, Definition(s): v. t.: To extend in length and breadth or in breadth only; to stretch or expand to a broad or broader surface or extent; to open; to unfurl; as to spread a carpet; to spread a tent or a sail.; v. t.: To extend so as to cover something; to extend to a great or grater extent in every direction; to cause to fill or cover a wide or wider space.; v. t.: To divulge; to publish as news or fame; to cause to be more extensively known; to disseminate; to make known fully; as to spread a report; -- often acompanied by abroad.; v. t.: To propagate; to cause to affect great numbers; as to spread a disease.; v. t.: To diffuse as emanations or effluvia; to emit; as odoriferous plants spread their fragrance.; v. t.: To strew; to scatter over a surface; as to spread manure; to spread lime on the ground.; v. t.: To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions; as to spread a table.; v. i.: To extend in length and breadth in all directions or in breadth only; to be extended or stretched; to expand.; v. i.: To be extended by drawing or beating; as some metals spread with difficulty.; v. i.: To be made known more extensively as news.; v. i.: To be propagated from one to another; as the disease spread into all parts of the city.; n.: Extent; compass.; n.: Expansion of parts.; n.: A cloth used as a cover for a table or a bed.; n.: A table as spread or furnished with a meal; hence an entertainment of food; a feast.; n.: A privilege which one person buys of another of demanding certain shares of stock at a certain price or of delivering the same shares of stock at another price within a time agreed upon.; n.: An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points.; : imp. & p. p. of Spread v.
Found on page(s): [98]

told: - told:, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Tell.
Found on page(s): [105]

arming - arming, Definition(s): n.: The act of furnishing with or taking arms.; n.: A piece of tallow placed in a cavity at the lower end of a sounding lead to bring up the sand shells etc. of the sea bottom.; n.: Red dress cloths formerly hung fore and aft outside of a ship's upper works on holidays.
Found on page(s): [62, 93]

latter - latter, Definition(s): a.: Later; more recent; coming or happening after something else; -- opposed to former; as the former and latter rain.; a.: Of two things the one mentioned second.; a.: Recent; modern.; a.: Last; latest; final.
Found on page(s): [23, 27, 29, 44, 54, 58, 59, 75, 78, 81, 100, 101, 104]

simply - simply, Definition(s): adv.: In a simple manner or state; considered in or by itself; without addition; along; merely; solely; barely.; adv.: Plainly; without art or subtlety.; adv.: Weakly; foolishly.
Found on page(s): [17, 51]

equivalent - equivalent, Definition(s): a.: Equal in wortir or value force power effect import and the like; alike in significance and value; of the same import or meaning.; a.: Equal in measure but not admitting of superposition; -- applied to magnitudes; as a square may be equivalent to a triangle.; a.: Contemporaneous in origin; as the equivalent strata of different countries.; n.: Something equivalent; that which is equal in value worth weight or force; as to offer an equivalent for damage done.; n.: That comparative quantity by weight of an element which possesses the same chemical value as other elements as determined by actual experiment and reference to the same standard. Specifically: (a) The comparative proportions by which one element replaces another in any particular compound; thus as zinc replaces hydrogen in hydrochloric acid their equivalents are 32.5 and 1. (b) The combining proportion by weight of a substance or the number expressing this proportion in any particular compound; as the equivalents of hydrogen and oxygen in water are respectively 1 and 8 and in hydric dioxide 1 and 16.; n.: A combining unit whether an atom a radical or a molecule; as in acid salt two or more equivalents of acid unite with one or more equivalents of base.; v. t.: To make the equivalent to; to equal; equivalence.
Found on page(s): [26]

reflected - reflected, Definition(s): a.: Thrown back after striking a surface; as reflected light heat sound etc.; a.: Hence: Not one's own; received from another; as his glory was reflected glory.; a.: Bent backward or outward; reflexed.
Found on page(s): [1, 42]

alienate - alienate, Definition(s): a.: Estranged; withdrawn in affection; foreign; -- with from.; v. t.: To convey or transfer to another as title property or right; to part voluntarily with ownership of.; v. t.: To withdraw as the affections; to make indifferent of averse where love or friendship before subsisted; to estrange; to wean; -- with from.; n.: A stranger; an alien.
Found on page(s): [32]

prove, - prove,, Definition(s): v. t.: To try or to ascertain by an experiment or by a test or standard; to test; as to prove the strength of gunpowder or of ordnance; to prove the contents of a vessel by a standard measure.; v. t.: To evince establish or ascertain as truth reality or fact by argument testimony or other evidence.; v. t.: To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify; as to prove a will.; v. t.: To gain experience of the good or evil of; to know by trial; to experience; to suffer.; v. t.: To test evince ascertain or verify as the correctness of any operation or result; thus in subtraction if the difference between two numbers added to the lesser number makes a sum equal to the greater the correctness of the subtraction is proved.; v. t.: To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of; as to prove a page.; v. i.: To make trial; to essay.; v. i.: To be found by experience trial or result; to turn out to be; as a medicine proves salutary; the report proves false.; v. i.: To succeed; to turn out as expected.
Found on page(s): [34]

minister. - minister., Definition(s): n.: A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence an agent an instrument.; n.: An officer of justice.; n.: One to whom the sovereign or executive head of a government intrusts the management of affairs of state or some department of such affairs.; n.: A representative of a government sent to the court or seat of government of a foreign nation to transact diplomatic business.; n.: One who serves at the altar; one who performs sacerdotal duties; the pastor of a church duly authorized or licensed to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments.; n.: To furnish or apply; to afford; to supply; to administer.; v. i.: To act as a servant attendant or agent; to attend and serve; to perform service in any office sacred or secular.; v. i.: To supply or to things needful; esp. to supply consolation or remedies.
Found on page(s): [20]

customary, - customary,, Definition(s): a.: Agreeing with or established by custom; established by common usage; conventional; habitual.; a.: Holding or held by custom; as customary tenants; customary service or estate.; n.: A book containing laws and usages or customs; as the Customary of the Normans.
Found on page(s): [86]

suffer - suffer, Definition(s): v. t.: To feel or endure with pain annoyance etc.; to submit to with distress or grief; to undergo; as to suffer pain of body or grief of mind.; v. t.: To endure or undergo without sinking; to support; to sustain; to bear up under.; v. t.: To undergo; to be affected by; to sustain; to experience; as most substances suffer a change when long exposed to air and moisture; to suffer loss or damage.; v. t.: To allow; to permit; not to forbid or hinder; to tolerate.; v. i.: To feel or undergo pain of body or mind; to bear what is inconvenient; as we suffer from pain sickness or sorrow; we suffer with anxiety.; v. i.: To undergo punishment; specifically to undergo the penalty of death.; v. i.: To be injured; to sustain loss or damage.
Found on page(s): [2]

imputation - imputation, Definition(s): : The act of imputing or charging; attribution; ascription; also anything imputed or charged.; : Charge or attribution of evil; censure; reproach; insinuation.; : A setting of something to the account of; the attribution of personal guilt or personal righteousness of another; as the imputation of the sin of Adam or the righteousness of Christ.; : Opinion; intimation; hint.
Found on page(s): [48]

complex - complex, Definition(s): n.: Composed of two or more parts; composite; not simple; as a complex being; a complex idea.; n.: Involving many parts; complicated; intricate.; n.: Assemblage of related things; collection; complication.
Found on page(s): [68]

alike, - alike,, Definition(s): a.: Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.; adv.: In the same manner form or degree; in common; equally; as we are all alike concerned in religion.
Found on page(s): [5, 75]

afterwards - afterwards, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [3, 12, 16, 24, 26, 33, 36, 37, 40, 44, 46, 63, 65, 70, 71, 73, 76, 78, 82, 83, 89, 92, 106]

hazardous - hazardous, Definition(s): a.: Exposed to hazard; dangerous; risky.
Found on page(s): [24, 39]

narrowly - narrowly, Definition(s): adv.: With little breadth; in a narrow manner.; adv.: Without much extent; contractedly.; adv.: With minute scrutiny; closely; as to look or watch narrowly; to search narrowly.; adv.: With a little margin or space; by a small distance; hence closely; hardly; barely; only just; -- often with reference to an avoided danger or misfortune; as he narrowly escaped.; adv.: Sparingly; parsimoniously.
Found on page(s): [72]

downright - downright, Definition(s): adv.: Straight down; perpendicularly.; adv.: In plain terms; without ceremony.; adv.: Without delay; at once; completely.; a.: Plain; direct; unceremonious; blunt; positive; as he spoke in his downright way.; a.: Open; artless; undisguised; absolute; unmixed; as downright atheism.
Found on page(s): [66]

astonishing - astonishing, Definition(s): a.: Very wonderful; of a nature to excite astonishment; as an astonishing event.
Found on page(s): [88]

height, - height,, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being high; elevated position.; n.: The distance to which anything rises above its foot above that on which in stands above the earth or above the level of the sea; altitude; the measure upward from a surface as the floor or the ground of animal especially of a man; stature.; n.: Degree of latitude either north or south.; n.: That which is elevated; an eminence; a hill or mountain; as Alpine heights.; n.: Elevation in excellence of any kind as in power learning arts; also an advanced degree of social rank; preeminence or distinction in society; prominence.; n.: Progress toward eminence; grade; degree.; n.: Utmost degree in extent; extreme limit of energy or condition; as the height of a fever of passion of madness of folly; the height of a tempest.
Found on page(s): [14, 104]

greatly - greatly, Definition(s): adv.: In a great degree; much.; adv.: Nobly; illustriously; magnanimously.
Found on page(s): [87, 88, 91, 96, 106]

hesitation - hesitation, Definition(s): n.: The act of hesitating; suspension of opinion or action; doubt; vacillation.; n.: A faltering in speech; stammering.
Found on page(s): [45, 91]

victorious - victorious, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to victory or a victor' being a victor; bringing or causing a victory; conquering; winning; triumphant; as a victorious general; victorious troops; a victorious day.
Found on page(s): [29]

Archbishop - Archbishop, Definition(s): n.: A chief bishop; a church dignitary of the first class (often called a metropolitan or primate) who superintends the conduct of the suffragan bishops in his province and also exercises episcopal authority in his own diocese.
Found on page(s): [10, 85]

deal - deal, Definition(s): n.: A part or portion; a share; hence an indefinite quantity degree or extent degree or extent; as a deal of time and trouble; a deal of cold.; n.: The process of dealing cards to the players; also the portion disturbed.; n.: Distribution; apportionment.; n.: An arrangement to attain a desired result by a combination of interested parties; -- applied to stock speculations and political bargains.; n.: The division of a piece of timber made by sawing; a board or plank; particularly a board or plank of fir or pine above seven inches in width and exceeding six feet in length. If narrower than this it is called a batten; if shorter a deal end.; n.: Wood of the pine or fir; as a floor of deal.; n.: To divide; to separate in portions; hence to give in portions; to distribute; to bestow successively; -- sometimes with out.; n.: Specifically: To distribute as cards to the players at the commencement of a game; as to deal the cards; to deal one a jack.; v. i.: To make distribution; to share out in portions as cards to the players.; v. i.: To do a distributing or retailing business as distinguished from that of a manufacturer or producer; to traffic; to trade; to do business; as he deals in flour.; v. i.: To act as an intermediary in business or any affairs; to manage; to make arrangements; -- followed by between or with.; v. i.: To conduct one's self; to behave or act in any affair or towards any one; to treat.; v. i.: To contend (with); to treat (with) by way of opposition check or correction; as he has turbulent passions to deal with.
Found on page(s): [3, 43]

strong - strong, Definition(s): superl.: Having active physical power or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous.; superl.: Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as a strong constitution; strong health.; superl.: Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken; as a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town.; superl.: Having great military or naval force; powerful; as a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea.; superl.: Having great wealth means or resources; as a strong house or company of merchants.; superl.: Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers; as an army ten thousand strong.; superl.: Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous; as a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide.; superl.: Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; powerful; forcible; cogent; as a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language.; superl.: Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged; as a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory.; superl.: Having virtues of great efficacy; or having a particular quality in a great degree; as a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee.; superl.: Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating; as strong liquors.; superl.: Affecting any sense powerfully; as strong light colors etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent.; superl.: Solid; nourishing; as strong meat.; superl.: Well established; firm; not easily overthrown or altered; as a strong custom; a strong belief.; superl.: Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent.; superl.: Having great force vigor power or the like as the mind intellect or any faculty; as a man of a strong mind memory judgment or imagination.; superl.: Vigorous; effective; forcible; powerful.; superl.: Tending to higher prices; rising; as a strong market.; superl.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive strove striven; break broke broken; drink drank drunk. Opposed to weak or regular. See Weak.; superl.: Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon etc. which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform or are irregular.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 31, 55, 81, 104]

ease, - ease,, Definition(s): n.: Satisfaction; pleasure; hence accommodation; entertainment.; n.: Freedom from anything that pains or troubles; as: (a) Relief from labor or effort; rest; quiet; relaxation; as ease of body.; n.: Freedom from care solicitude or anything that annoys or disquiets; tranquillity; peace; comfort; security; as ease of mind.; n.: Freedom from constraint formality difficulty embarrassment etc.; facility; liberty; naturalness; -- said of manner style etc.; as ease of style of behavior of address.; n.: To free from anything that pains disquiets or oppresses; to relieve from toil or care; to give rest repose or tranquility to; -- often with of; as to ease of pain; ease the body or mind.; n.: To render less painful or oppressive; to mitigate; to alleviate.; n.: To release from pressure or restraint; to move gently; to lift slightly; to shift a little; as to ease a bar or nut in machinery.; n.: To entertain; to furnish with accommodations.
Found on page(s): [12, 29, 63]

scarcity - scarcity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or condition of being scarce; smallness of quantity in proportion to the wants or demands; deficiency; lack of plenty; short supply; penury; as a scarcity of grain; a great scarcity of beauties.
Found on page(s): [29]

AFTERWARDS. - AFTERWARDS., Definition(s): adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [17]

facing - facing, Definition(s): n.: A covering in front for ornament or other purpose; an exterior covering or sheathing; as the facing of an earthen slope sea wall etc.  to strengthen it or to protect or adorn the exposed surface.; n.: A lining placed near the edge of a garment for ornament or protection.; n.: The finishing of any face of a wall with material different from that of which it is chiefly composed or the coating or material so used.; n.: A powdered substance as charcoal bituminous coal ect. applied to the face of a mold or mixed with the sand that forms it to give a fine smooth surface to the casting.; n.: The collar and cuffs of a military coat; -- commonly of a color different from that of the coat.; n.: The movement of soldiers by turning on their heels to the right left or about; -- chiefly in the pl.
Found on page(s): [83, 104]

dead - dead, Definition(s): a.: Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as a dead tree; a dead man.; a.: Destitute of life; inanimate; as dead matter.; a.: Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike; as a dead sleep.; a.: Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless; as dead calm; a dead load or weight.; a.: So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless; as a dead floor.; a.: Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable; as dead capital; dead stock in trade.; a.: Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless; as dead eye; dead fire; dead color etc.; a.: Monotonous or unvaried; as a dead level or pain; a dead wall.; a.: Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete; as a dead shot; a dead certainty.; a.: Bringing death; deadly.; a.: Wanting in religious spirit and vitality; as dead faith; dead works.; a.: Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect.; a.: Not brilliant; not rich; thus brown is a dead color as compared with crimson.; a.: Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property; as one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead.; a.: Not imparting motion or power; as the dead spindle of a lathe etc. See Spindle.; adv.: To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly.; n.: The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose inertness or gloom; as the dead of winter.; n.: One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively.; v. t.: To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life force or vigor.; v. i.: To die; to lose life or force.
Found on page(s): [97]

dainty - dainty, Definition(s): n.: Value; estimation; the gratification or pleasure taken in anything.; n.: That which is delicious or delicate; a delicacy.; n.: A term of fondness.; superl.: Rare; valuable; costly.; superl.: Delicious to the palate; toothsome.; superl.: Nice; delicate; elegant in form manner or breeding; well-formed; neat; tender.; superl.: Requiring dainties. Hence: Overnice; hard to please; fastidious; squeamish; scrupulous; ceremonious.
Found on page(s): [105]

sea - sea, Definition(s): n.: One of the larger bodies of salt water less than an ocean found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank generally forming part of or connecting with an ocean or a larger sea; as the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea.; n.: An inland body of water esp. if large or if salt or brackish; as the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes a small fresh-water lake; as the Sea of Galilee.; n.: The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe.; n.: The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also a single wave; a billow; as there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea.; n.: A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size.; n.: Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness; as a sea of glory.
Found on page(s): [77, 83, 96, 104]

sixth - sixth, Definition(s): a.: First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth.; a.: Constituting or being one of six equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by six; one of six equal parts which form a whole.; n.: The next in order after the fifth.; n.: The interval embracing six diatonic degrees of the scale.
Found on page(s): [9]

servant - servant, Definition(s): n.: One who serves or does services voluntarily or on compulsion; a person who is employed by another for menial offices or for other labor and is subject to his command; a person who labors or exerts himself for the benefit of another his master or employer; a subordinate helper.; n.: One in a state of subjection or bondage.; n.: A professed lover or suitor; a gallant.; v. t.: To subject.
Found on page(s): [69]

civil - civil, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to a city or state or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow citizens or to the state; within the city or state.; a.: Subject to government; reduced to order; civilized; not barbarous; -- said of the community.; a.: Performing the duties of a citizen; obedient to government; -- said of an individual.; a.: Having the manners of one dwelling in a city as opposed to those of savages or rustics; polite; courteous; complaisant; affable.; a.: Pertaining to civic life and affairs in distinction from military ecclesiastical or official state.; a.: Relating to rights and remedies sought by action or suit distinct from criminal proceedings.
Found on page(s): [24, 25, 27, 29, 66]

quickness - quickness, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being quick or living; life.; n.: Activity; briskness; especially rapidity of motion; speed; celerity; as quickness of wit.; n.: Acuteness of perception; keen sensibility.; n.: Sharpness; pungency of taste.
Found on page(s): [87]

"faithful." - "faithful.", Definition(s): a.: Full of faith or having faith; disposed to believe especially in the declarations and promises of God.; a.: Firm in adherence to promises oaths contracts treaties or other engagements.; a.: True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow be ties of love gratitude or honor as to a husband a prince a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as a faithful husband or servant.; a.: Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as a faithful narrative or representation.
Found on page(s): [52]

offence." - offence.", Definition(s): n.: See Offense.; n.: The act of offending in any sense; esp. a crime or a sin an affront or an injury.; n.: The state of being offended or displeased; anger; displeasure.; n.: A cause or occasion of stumbling or of sin.
Found on page(s): [53]

dear - dear, Definition(s): superl.: Bearing a high price; high-priced; costly; expensive.; superl.: Marked by scarcity or dearth and exorbitance of price; as a dear year.; superl.: Highly valued; greatly beloved; cherished; precious.; superl.: Hence close to the heart; heartfelt; present in mind; engaging the attention.; superl.: Of agreeable things and interests.; superl.: Of disagreeable things and antipathies.; n.: A dear one; lover; sweetheart.; adv.: Dearly; at a high price.; v. t.: To endear.
Found on page(s): [1]

founder - founder, Definition(s): n.: One who founds establishes and erects; one who lays a foundation; an author; one from whom anything originates; one who endows.; n.: One who founds; one who casts metals in various forms; a caster; as a founder of cannon bells hardware or types.; v. i.: To become filled with water and sink as a ship.; v. i.: To fall; to stumble and go lame as a horse.; v. i.: To fail; to miscarry.; v. t.: To cause internal inflammation and soreness in the feet or limbs of (a horse) so as to disable or lame him.; n.: A lameness in the foot of a horse occasioned by inflammation; closh.; n.: An inflammatory fever of the body or acute rheumatism; as chest founder. See Chest ffounder.
Found on page(s): [15]

merciful, - merciful,, Definition(s): a.: Full of mercy; having or exercising mercy; disposed to pity and spare offenders; unwilling to punish.; a.: Unwilling to give pain; compassionate.
Found on page(s): [52, 53]

medicine - medicine, Definition(s): n.: The science which relates to the prevention cure or alleviation of disease.; n.: Any substance administered in the treatment of disease; a remedial agent; a remedy; physic.; n.: A philter or love potion.; n.: A physician.; v. t.: To give medicine to; to affect as a medicine does; to remedy; to cure.
Found on page(s): [7]

"rota," - "rota,", Definition(s): n.: An ecclesiastical court of Rome called also Rota Romana that takes cognizance of suits by appeal. It consists of twelve members.; n.: A short-lived political club established in 1659 by J.Harrington to inculcate the democratic doctrine of election of the principal officers of the state by ballot and the annual retirement of a portion of Parliament.; n.: A species of zither played like a guitar used in the Middle Ages in church music; -- written also rotta.
Found on page(s): [68]

patient, - patient,, Definition(s): a.: Having the quality of enduring; physically able to suffer or bear.; a.: Undergoing pains trails or the like without murmuring or fretfulness; bearing up with equanimity against trouble; long-suffering.; a.: Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent; as patient endeavor.; a.: Expectant with calmness or without discontent; not hasty; not overeager; composed.; a.: Forbearing; long-suffering.; n.: ONe who or that which is passively affected; a passive recipient.; n.: A person under medical or surgical treatment; -- correlative to physician or nurse.; v. t.: To compose to calm.
Found on page(s): [31]

battle - battle, Definition(s): a.: Fertile. See Battel a.; v. t.: A general action fight or encounter in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat.; v. t.: A struggle; a contest; as the battle of life.; v. t.: A division of an army; a battalion.; v. t.: The main body as distinct from the van and rear; battalia.; n.: To join in battle; to contend in fight; as to battle over theories.; v. t.: To assail in battle; to fight.
Found on page(s): [30, 37, 78, 90, 100, 101, 102]

admiration - admiration, Definition(s): n.: Wonder; astonishment.; n.: Wonder mingled with approbation or delight; an emotion excited by a person or thing possessed of wonderful or high excellence; as admiration of a beautiful woman of a landscape of virtue.; n.: Cause of admiration; something to excite wonder or pleased surprise; a prodigy.
Found on page(s): [66]

insufficiency - insufficiency, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being insufficient; want of sufficiency; deficiency; inadequateness; as the insufficiency of provisions of an excuse etc.; n.: Want of power or skill; inability; incapacity; incompetency; as the insufficiency of a man for an office.
Found on page(s): [78]

vicinity - vicinity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being near or not remote; nearness; propinquity; proximity; as the value of the estate was increased by the vicinity of two country seats.; n.: That which is near or not remote; that which is adjacent to anything; adjoining space or country; neighborhood.
Found on page(s): [21]

somewhat - somewhat, Definition(s): n.: More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part more or less; something.; n.: A person or thing of importance; a somebody.; adv.: In some degree or measure; a little.
Found on page(s): [68, 86]

firing. - firing., Definition(s): n.: The act of disharging firearms.; n.: The mode of introducing fuel into the furnace and working it.; n.: The application of fire or of a cautery.; n.: The process of partly vitrifying pottery by exposing it to intense heat in a kiln.; n.: Fuel; firewood or coal.
Found on page(s): [30]

river - river, Definition(s): n.: One who rives or splits.; n.: A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean a sea a lake or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook.; n.: Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as rivers of blood; rivers of oil.; v. i.: To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
Found on page(s): [83, 84, 100, 101]

inordinate - inordinate, Definition(s): a.: Not limited to rules prescribed or to usual bounds; irregular; excessive; immoderate; as an inordinate love of the world.
Found on page(s): [60]

leaping - leaping, Definition(s): a. & n.: from Leap to jump.
Found on page(s): [80]

bed - bed, Definition(s): n.: An article of furniture to sleep or take rest in or on; a couch. Specifically: A sack or mattress filled with some soft material in distinction from the bedstead on which it is placed (as a feather bed) or this with the bedclothes added. In a general sense any thing or place used for sleeping or reclining on or in as a quantity of hay straw leaves or twigs.; n.: (Used as the symbol of matrimony) Marriage.; n.: A plat or level piece of ground in a garden usually a little raised above the adjoining ground.; n.: A mass or heap of anything arranged like a bed; as a bed of ashes or coals.; n.: The bottom of a watercourse or of any body of water; as the bed of a river.; n.: A layer or seam or a horizontal stratum between layers; as a bed of coal iron etc.; n.: See Gun carriage and Mortar bed.; n.: The horizontal surface of a building stone; as the upper and lower beds.; n.: A course of stone or brick in a wall.; n.: The place or material in which a block or brick is laid.; n.: The lower surface of a brick slate or tile.; n.: The foundation or the more solid and fixed part or framing of a machine; or a part on which something is laid or supported; as the bed of an engine.; n.: The superficial earthwork or ballast of a railroad.; n.: The flat part of the press on which the form is laid.; v. t.: To place in a bed.; v. t.: To make partaker of one's bed; to cohabit with.; v. t.: To furnish with a bed or bedding.; v. t.: To plant or arrange in beds; to set or cover as in a bed of soft earth; as to bed the roots of a plant in mold.; v. t.: To lay or put in any hollow place or place of rest and security surrounded or inclosed; to embed; to furnish with or place upon a bed or foundation; as to bed a stone; it was bedded on a rock.; v. t.: To dress or prepare the surface of stone) so as to serve as a bed.; v. t.: To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position.; v. i.: To go to bed; to cohabit.
Found on page(s): [100]

beg - beg, Definition(s): n.: A title of honor in Turkey and in some other parts of the East; a bey.; v. t.: To ask earnestly for; to entreat or supplicate for; to beseech.; v. t.: To ask for as a charity esp. to ask for habitually or from house to house.; v. t.: To make petition to; to entreat; as to beg a person to grant a favor.; v. t.: To take for granted; to assume without proof.; v. t.: To ask to be appointed guardian for or to ask to have a guardian appointed for.; v. i.: To ask alms or charity especially to ask habitually by the wayside or from house to house; to live by asking alms.
Found on page(s): [81]

successful; - successful;, Definition(s): a.: Resulting in success; assuring or promotive of success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence prosperous; fortunate; happy; as a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
Found on page(s): [55]

conqueror, - conqueror,, Definition(s): n.: One who conquers.
Found on page(s): [13, 66]

useless - useless, Definition(s): a.: Having or being of no use; unserviceable; producing no good end; answering no valuable purpose; not advancing the end proposed; unprofitable; ineffectual; as a useless garment; useless pity.
Found on page(s): [6, 34, 38, 61]

prospective - prospective, Definition(s): n.: Of or pertaining to a prospect; furnishing a prospect; perspective.; n.: Looking forward in time; acting with foresight; -- opposed to retrospective.; n.: Being within view or consideration as a future event or contingency; relating to the future: expected; as a prospective benefit.; n.: The scene before or around in time or in space; view; prospect.; n.: A perspective glass.
Found on page(s): [18]

splendidly - splendidly, Definition(s): adv.: In a splendid manner; magnificently.
Found on page(s): [105]

thoroughly, - thoroughly,, Definition(s): adv.: In a thorough manner; fully; entirely; completely.
Found on page(s): [16]

clearer, - clearer,, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which clears.; n.: A tool of which the hemp for lines and twines used by sailmakers is finished.
Found on page(s): [28]

genius. - genius., Definition(s): n.: A good or evil spirit or demon supposed by the ancients to preside over a man's destiny in life; a tutelary deity; a supernatural being; a spirit good or bad. Cf. Jinnee.; n.: The peculiar structure of mind with whoch each individual is endowed by nature; that disposition or aptitude of mind which is peculiar to each man and which qualifies him for certain kinds of action or special success in any pursuit; special taste inclination or disposition; as a genius for history for poetry or painting.; n.: Peculiar character; animating spirit as of a nation a religion a language.; n.: Distinguished mental superiority; uncommon intellectual power; especially superior power of invention or origination of any kind or of forming new combinations; as a man of genius.; n.: A man endowed with uncommon vigor of mind; a man of superior intellectual faculties; as Shakespeare was a rare genius.
Found on page(s): [24]

zeal - zeal, Definition(s): n.: Passionate ardor in the pursuit of anything; eagerness in favor of a person or cause; ardent and active interest; engagedness; enthusiasm; fervor.; n.: A zealot.; v. i.: To be zealous.
Found on page(s): [22]

citadel, - citadel,, Definition(s): n.: A fortress in or near a fortified city commanding the city and fortifications and intended as a final point of defense.
Found on page(s): [99]

genius, - genius,, Definition(s): n.: A good or evil spirit or demon supposed by the ancients to preside over a man's destiny in life; a tutelary deity; a supernatural being; a spirit good or bad. Cf. Jinnee.; n.: The peculiar structure of mind with whoch each individual is endowed by nature; that disposition or aptitude of mind which is peculiar to each man and which qualifies him for certain kinds of action or special success in any pursuit; special taste inclination or disposition; as a genius for history for poetry or painting.; n.: Peculiar character; animating spirit as of a nation a religion a language.; n.: Distinguished mental superiority; uncommon intellectual power; especially superior power of invention or origination of any kind or of forming new combinations; as a man of genius.; n.: A man endowed with uncommon vigor of mind; a man of superior intellectual faculties; as Shakespeare was a rare genius.
Found on page(s): [23]

ones, - ones,, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [7, 53, 58, 63, 67]

unstable - unstable, Definition(s): a.: Not stable; not firm fixed or constant; subject to change or overthrow.
Found on page(s): [17, 42]

anxiety - anxiety, Definition(s): n.: Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event future or uncertain which disturbs the mind and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness.; n.: Eager desire.; n.: A state of restlessness and agitation often with general indisposition and a distressing sense of oppression at the epigastrium.
Found on page(s): [32, 67, 94, 95]

vigorous - vigorous, Definition(s): a.: Possessing vigor; full of physical or mental strength or active force; strong; lusty; robust; as a vigorous youth; a vigorous plant.; a.: Exhibiting strength either of body or mind; powerful; strong; forcible; energetic; as vigorous exertions; a vigorous prosecution of a war.
Found on page(s): [25, 63]

successful. - successful., Definition(s): a.: Resulting in success; assuring or promotive of success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence prosperous; fortunate; happy; as a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
Found on page(s): [74]

mediator - mediator, Definition(s): n.: One who mediates; especially one who interposes between parties at variance for the purpose of reconciling them; hence an intercessor.
Found on page(s): [93]

successful, - successful,, Definition(s): a.: Resulting in success; assuring or promotive of success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence prosperous; fortunate; happy; as a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
Found on page(s): [74, 75]

Immediately - Immediately, Definition(s): adv.: In an immediate manner; without intervention of any other person or thing; proximately; directly; -- opposed to mediately; as immediately contiguous.; adv.: Without interval of time; without delay; promptly; instantly; at once.; adv.: As soon as. Cf. Directly 8 Note.
Found on page(s): [98]

Sicilian, - Sicilian,, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Sicily or its inhabitants.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Sicily.
Found on page(s): [24]

deep - deep, Definition(s): superl.: Extending far below the surface; of great perpendicular dimension (measured from the surface downward and distinguished from high which is measured upward); far to the bottom; having a certain depth; as a deep sea.; superl.: Extending far back from the front or outer part; of great horizontal dimension (measured backward from the front or nearer part mouth etc.); as a deep cave or recess or wound; a gallery ten seats deep; a company of soldiers six files deep.; superl.: Low in situation; lying far below the general surface; as a deep valley.; superl.: Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; -- opposed to shallow or superficial; intricate; mysterious; not obvious; obscure; as a deep subject or plot.; superl.: Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning.; superl.: Profound; thorough; complete; unmixed; intense; heavy; heartfelt; as deep distress; deep melancholy; deep horror.; superl.: Strongly colored; dark; intense; not light or thin; as deep blue or crimson.; superl.: Of low tone; full-toned; not high or sharp; grave; heavy.; superl.: Muddy; boggy; sandy; -- said of roads.; adv.: To a great depth; with depth; far down; profoundly; deeply.; n.: That which is deep especially deep water as the sea or ocean; an abyss; a great depth.; n.: That which is profound not easily fathomed or incomprehensible; a moral or spiritual depth or abyss.
Found on page(s): [100]

infantry, - infantry,, Definition(s): n.: A body of children.; n.: A body of soldiers serving on foot; foot soldiers in distinction from cavalry.
Found on page(s): [81, 83]

resistance. - resistance., Definition(s): n.: The act of resisting; opposition passive or active.; n.: The quality of not yielding to force or external pressure; that power of a body which acts in opposition to the impulse or pressure of another or which prevents the effect of another power; as the resistance of the air to a body passing through it; the resistance of a target to projectiles.; n.: A means or method of resisting; that which resists.; n.: A certain hindrance or opposition to the passage of an electrical current or discharge offered by conducting bodies. It bears an inverse relation to the conductivity -- good conductors having a small resistance while poor conductors or insulators have a very high resistance. The unit of resistance is the ohm.
Found on page(s): [98]

capable - capable, Definition(s): a.: Possessing ability qualification or susceptibility; having capacity; of sufficient size or strength; as a room capable of holding a large number; a castle capable of resisting a long assault.; a.: Possessing adequate power; qualified; able; fully competent; as a capable instructor; a capable judge; a mind capable of nice investigations.; a.: Possessing legal power or capacity; as a man capable of making a contract or a will.; a.: Capacious; large; comprehensive.
Found on page(s): [35, 69, 78, 102]

domination, - domination,, Definition(s): n.: The act of dominating; exercise of power in ruling; dominion; supremacy; authority; often arbitrary or insolent sway.; n.: A ruling party; a party in power.; n.: A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.
Found on page(s): [80]

saying: - saying:, Definition(s): n.: That which is said; a declaration; a statement especially a proverbial one; an aphorism; a proverb.
Found on page(s): [48, 106]

await - await, Definition(s): v. t.: To watch for; to look out for.; v. t.: To wait on serve or attend.; v. t.: To wait for; to stay for; to expect. See Expect.; v. t.: To be in store for; to be ready or in waiting for; as a glorious reward awaits the good.; v. i.: To watch.; v. i.: To wait (on or upon).; v. i.: To wait; to stay in waiting.; n.: A waiting for; ambush; watch; watching; heed.
Found on page(s): [83, 96, 99]

marriage. - marriage., Definition(s): v. t.: The act of marrying or the state of being married; legal union of a man and a woman for life as husband and wife; wedlock; matrimony.; v. t.: The marriage vow or contract.; v. t.: A feast made on the occasion of a marriage.; v. t.: Any intimate or close union.
Found on page(s): [68]

sit - sit, Definition(s): : obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Sit for sitteth.; v. t.: To rest upon the haunches or the lower extremity of the trunk of the body; -- said of human beings and sometimes of other animals; as to sit on a sofa on a chair or on the ground.; v. t.: To perch; to rest with the feet drawn up as birds do on a branch pole etc.; v. t.: To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition.; v. t.: To lie rest or bear; to press or weigh; -- with on; as a weight or burden sits lightly upon him.; v. t.: To be adjusted; to fit; as a coat sts well or ill.; v. t.: To suit one well or ill as an act; to become; to befit; -- used impersonally.; v. t.: To cover and warm eggs for hatching as a fowl; to brood; to incubate.; v. t.: To have position as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction.; v. t.: To occupy a place or seat as a member of an official body; as to sit in Congress.; v. t.: To hold a session; to be in session for official business; -- said of legislative assemblies courts etc.; as the court sits in January; the aldermen sit to-night.; v. t.: To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of one's self made as a picture or a bust; as to sit to a painter.; v. t.: To sit upon; to keep one's seat upon; as he sits a horse well.; v. t.: To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To suit (well / ill); to become.
Found on page(s): [51]

cardinal, - cardinal,, Definition(s): a.: Of fundamental importance; preeminent; superior; chief; principal.; a.: One of the ecclesiastical princes who constitute the pope's council or the sacred college.; a.: A woman's short cloak with a hood.; a.: Mulled red wine.
Found on page(s): [80]

six - six, Definition(s): a.: One more than five; twice three; as six yards.; n.: The number greater by a unit than five; the sum of three and three; six units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing six units as 6 vi. or VI.
Found on page(s): [84, 95]

incurable; - incurable;, Definition(s): a.: Not capable of being cured; beyond the power of skill or medicine to remedy; as an incurable disease.; a.: Not admitting or capable of remedy or correction; irremediable; remediless; as incurable evils.; n.: A person diseased beyond cure.
Found on page(s): [7]

bound - bound, Definition(s): n.: The external or limiting line either real or imaginary of any object or space; that which limits or restrains or within which something is limited or restrained; limit; confine; extent; boundary.; v. t.: To limit; to terminate; to fix the furthest point of extension of; -- said of natural or of moral objects; to lie along or form a boundary of; to inclose; to circumscribe; to restrain; to confine.; v. t.: To name the boundaries of; as to bound France.; v. i.: To move with a sudden spring or leap or with a succession of springs or leaps; as the beast bounded from his den; the herd bounded across the plain.; v. i.: To rebound as an elastic ball.; v. t.: To make to bound or leap; as to bound a horse.; v. t.: To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound; as to bound a ball on the floor.; n.: A leap; an elastic spring; a jump.; n.: Rebound; as the bound of a ball.; n.: Spring from one foot to the other.; : imp. & p. p. of Bind.; p. p. & a.: Restrained by a hand rope chain fetters or the like.; p. p. & a.: Inclosed in a binding or cover; as a bound volume.; p. p. & a.: Under legal or moral restraint or obligation.; p. p. & a.: Constrained or compelled; destined; certain; -- followed by the infinitive; as he is bound to succeed; he is bound to fail.; p. p. & a.: Resolved; as I am bound to do it.; p. p. & a.: Constipated; costive.; v.: Ready or intending to go; on the way toward; going; -- with to or for or with an adverb of motion; as a ship is bound to Cadiz or for Cadiz.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 28, 31, 51, 103]

wearing - wearing, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who wears; the manner in which a thing wears; use; conduct; consumption.; n.: That which is worn; clothes; garments.; a.: Pertaining to or designed for wear; as wearing apparel.
Found on page(s): [84]

false - false, Definition(s): superl.: Uttering falsehood; unveracious; given to deceit; dishnest; as a false witness.; superl.: Not faithful or loyal as to obligations allegiance vows etc.; untrue; treacherous; perfidious; as a false friend lover or subject; false to promises.; superl.: Not according with truth or reality; not true; fitted or likely to deceive or disappoint; as a false statement.; superl.: Not genuine or real; assumed or designed to deceive; counterfeit; hypocritical; as false tears; false modesty; false colors; false jewelry.; superl.: Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous; as a false claim; a false conclusion; a false construction in grammar.; superl.: Not essential or permanent as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental.; superl.: Not in tune.; adv.: Not truly; not honestly; falsely.; a.: To report falsely; to falsify.; a.: To betray; to falsify.; a.: To mislead by want of truth; to deceive.; a.: To feign; to pretend to make.
Found on page(s): [104]

tyrant - tyrant, Definition(s): n.: An absolute ruler; a sovereign unrestrained by law or constitution; a usurper of sovereignty.; n.: Specifically a monarch or other ruler or master who uses power to oppress his subjects; a person who exercises unlawful authority or lawful authority in an unlawful manner; one who by taxation injustice or cruel punishment or the demand of unreasonable services imposes burdens and hardships on those under his control which law and humanity do not authorize or which the purposes of government do not require; a cruel master; an oppressor.; n.: Any one of numerous species of American clamatorial birds belonging to the family Tyrannidae; -- called also tyrant bird.; v. i.: To act like a tyrant; to play the tyrant; to tyrannical.
Found on page(s): [29, 80]

distant; - distant;, Definition(s): a.: Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.; a.: Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place time consanguinity or connection; as distant times; distant relatives.; a.: Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty; as a distant manner.; a.: Indistinct; faint; obscure as from distance.; a.: Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant; as a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
Found on page(s): [48]

stroke - stroke, Definition(s): imp.: Struck.; v. t.: The act of striking; a blow; a hit; a knock; esp. a violent or hostile attack made with the arm or hand or with an instrument or weapon.; v. t.: The result of effect of a striking; injury or affliction; soreness.; v. t.: The striking of the clock to tell the hour.; v. t.: A gentle caressing touch or movement upon something; a stroking.; v. t.: A mark or dash in writing or printing; a line; the touch of a pen or pencil; as an up stroke; a firm stroke.; v. t.: Hence by extension an addition or amandment to a written composition; a touch; as to give some finishing strokes to an essay.; v. t.: A sudden attack of disease; especially a fatal attack; a severe disaster; any affliction or calamity especially a sudden one; as a stroke of apoplexy; the stroke of death.; v. t.: A throb or beat as of the heart.; v. t.: One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished; as the stroke of a bird's wing in flying or an oar in rowing of a skater swimmer etc.; v. t.: The rate of succession of stroke; as a quick stroke.; v. t.: The oar nearest the stern of a boat by which the other oars are guided; -- called also stroke oar.; v. t.: The rower who pulls the stroke oar; the strokesman.; v. t.: A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done produced or accomplished; also something done or accomplished by such an effort; as a stroke of genius; a stroke of business; a master stroke of policy.; v. t.: The movement in either direction of the piston plunger piston rod crosshead etc. as of a steam engine or a pump in which these parts have a reciprocating motion; as the forward stroke of a piston; also the entire distance passed through as by a piston in such a movement; as the piston is at half stroke.; v. t.: Power; influence.; v. t.: Appetite.; v. t.: To strike.; v. t.: To rib gently in one direction; especially to pass the hand gently over by way of expressing kindness or tenderness; to caress; to soothe.; v. t.: To make smooth by rubbing.; v. t.: To give a finely fluted surface to.; v. t.: To row the stroke oar of; as to stroke a boat.
Found on page(s): [26]

resistance: - resistance:, Definition(s): n.: The act of resisting; opposition passive or active.; n.: The quality of not yielding to force or external pressure; that power of a body which acts in opposition to the impulse or pressure of another or which prevents the effect of another power; as the resistance of the air to a body passing through it; the resistance of a target to projectiles.; n.: A means or method of resisting; that which resists.; n.: A certain hindrance or opposition to the passage of an electrical current or discharge offered by conducting bodies. It bears an inverse relation to the conductivity -- good conductors having a small resistance while poor conductors or insulators have a very high resistance. The unit of resistance is the ohm.
Found on page(s): [35]

cardinal; - cardinal;, Definition(s): a.: Of fundamental importance; preeminent; superior; chief; principal.; a.: One of the ecclesiastical princes who constitute the pope's council or the sacred college.; a.: A woman's short cloak with a hood.; a.: Mulled red wine.
Found on page(s): [83]

infantry; - infantry;, Definition(s): n.: A body of children.; n.: A body of soldiers serving on foot; foot soldiers in distinction from cavalry.
Found on page(s): [78]

infantry. - infantry., Definition(s): n.: A body of children.; n.: A body of soldiers serving on foot; foot soldiers in distinction from cavalry.
Found on page(s): [5, 41, 78, 99, 100]

goodness, - goodness,, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being good in any of its various senses; excellence; virtue; kindness; benevolence; as the goodness of timber of a soil of food; goodness of character of disposition of conduct etc.
Found on page(s): [58]

distant, - distant,, Definition(s): a.: Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.; a.: Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place time consanguinity or connection; as distant times; distant relatives.; a.: Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty; as a distant manner.; a.: Indistinct; faint; obscure as from distance.; a.: Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant; as a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
Found on page(s): [14, 103]

realm - realm, Definition(s): n.: A royal jurisdiction or domain; a region which is under the dominion of a king; a kingdom.; n.: Hence in general province; region; country; domain; department; division; as the realm of fancy.
Found on page(s): [35, 103]

avoid - avoid, Definition(s): a.: To empty.; a.: To emit or throw out; to void; as to avoid excretions.; a.: To quit or evacuate; to withdraw from.; a.: To make void; to annul or vacate; to refute.; a.: To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor no to meet; to shun; to abstain from; as to avoid the company of gamesters.; a.: To get rid of.; a.: To defeat or evade; to invalidate. Thus in a replication the plaintiff may deny the defendant's plea or confess it and avoid it by stating new matter.; v. i.: To retire; to withdraw.; v. i.: To become void or vacant.
Found on page(s): [7, 9, 10, 44, 45, 47, 48, 50, 52, 53, 57, 67, 88]

fresh - fresh, Definition(s): superl: Possessed of original life and vigor; new and strong; unimpaired; sound.; superl: New; original; additional.; superl: Lately produced gathered or prepared for market; not stale; not dried or preserved; not wilted faded or tainted; in good condition; as fresh vegetables flowers eggs meat fruit etc.; recently made or obtained; occurring again; repeated; as a fresh supply of goods; fresh tea raisins etc.; lately come or made public; as fresh news; recently taken from a well or spring; as fresh water.; superl: Youthful; florid; as these fresh nymphs.; superl: In a raw green or untried state; uncultivated; uncultured; unpracticed; as a fresh hand on a ship.; superl: Renewed in vigor alacrity or readiness for action; as fresh for a combat; hence tending to renew in vigor; rather strong; cool or brisk; as a fresh wind.; superl: Not salt; as fresh water in distinction from that which is from the sea or brackish; fresh meat in distinction from that which is pickled or salted.; n.: A stream or spring of fresh water.; n.: A flood; a freshet.; n.: The mingling of fresh water with salt in rivers or bays as by means of a flood of fresh water flowing toward or into the sea.; v. t.: To refresh; to freshen.
Found on page(s): [12, 21]

prompt - prompt, Definition(s): n.: A limit of time given for payment of an account for produce purchased this limit varying with different goods. See Prompt-note.; v. t.: To assist or induce the action of; to move to action; to instigate; to incite.; v. t.: To suggest; to dictate.; v. t.: To remind as an actor or an orator of words or topics forgotten.
Found on page(s): [5]

Twelfth, - Twelfth,, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the eleventh; coming after eleven others; -- the ordinal of twelve.; a.: Consisting or being one of twelve equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by twelve; one of twelve equal parts of one whole.; n.: The next in order after the eleventh.; n.: An interval comprising an octave and a fifth.
Found on page(s): [4]

reliable, - reliable,, Definition(s): a.: Suitable or fit to be relied on; worthy of dependance or reliance; trustworthy.
Found on page(s): [40, 73]

benignant, - benignant,, Definition(s): a.: Kind; gracious; favorable.
Found on page(s): [57]

fickle, - fickle,, Definition(s): a.: Not fixed or firm; liable to change; unstable; of a changeable mind; not firm in opinion or purpose; inconstant; capricious; as Fortune's fickle wheel.
Found on page(s): [48, 54]

dissolving - dissolving, Definition(s): a.: Melting; breaking up; vanishing.
Found on page(s): [19]

humane, - humane,, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to man; human.; a.: Having the feelings and inclinations creditable to man; having a disposition to treat other human beings or animals with kindness; kind; benevolent.; a.: Humanizing; exalting; tending to refine.
Found on page(s): [52, 53, 57]

sick - sick, Definition(s): superl.: Affected with disease of any kind; ill; indisposed; not in health. See the Synonym under Illness.; superl.: Affected with or attended by nausea; inclined to vomit; as sick at the stomach; a sick headache.; superl.: Having a strong dislike; disgusted; surfeited; -- with of; as to be sick of flattery.; superl.: Corrupted; imperfect; impaired; weakned.; n.: Sickness.; v. i.: To fall sick; to sicken.
Found on page(s): [21]

profession. - profession., Definition(s): v.: The act of professing or claiming; open declaration; public avowal or acknowledgment; as professions of friendship; a profession of faith.; v.: That which one professed; a declaration; an avowal; a claim; as his professions are insincere.; v.: That of which one professed knowledge; the occupation if not mechanical agricultural or the like to which one devotes one's self; the business which one professes to understand and to follow for subsistence; calling; vocation; employment; as the profession of arms; the profession of a clergyman lawyer or physician; the profession of lecturer on chemistry.; v.: The collective body of persons engaged in a calling; as the profession distrust him.; v.: The act of entering or becoming a member of a religious order.
Found on page(s): [25]

profession, - profession,, Definition(s): v.: The act of professing or claiming; open declaration; public avowal or acknowledgment; as professions of friendship; a profession of faith.; v.: That which one professed; a declaration; an avowal; a claim; as his professions are insincere.; v.: That of which one professed knowledge; the occupation if not mechanical agricultural or the like to which one devotes one's self; the business which one professes to understand and to follow for subsistence; calling; vocation; employment; as the profession of arms; the profession of a clergyman lawyer or physician; the profession of lecturer on chemistry.; v.: The collective body of persons engaged in a calling; as the profession distrust him.; v.: The act of entering or becoming a member of a religious order.
Found on page(s): [23, 24]

slaughter - slaughter, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of killing.; v. t.: The extensive violent bloody or wanton destruction of life; carnage.; v. t.: The act of killing cattle or other beasts for market.; v. t.: To visit with great destruction of life; to kill; to slay in battle.; v. t.: To butcher; to kill for the market as beasts.
Found on page(s): [101]

fatigue - fatigue, Definition(s): n.: Weariness from bodily labor or mental exertion; lassitude or exhaustion of strength.; n.: The cause of weariness; labor; toil; as the fatigues of war.; n.: The weakening of a metal when subjected to repeated vibrations or strains.; n.: To weary with labor or any bodily or mental exertion; to harass with toil; to exhaust the strength or endurance of; to tire.
Found on page(s): [38]

fortunate, - fortunate,, Definition(s): n.: Coming by good luck or favorable chance; bringing some good thing not foreseen as certain; presaging happiness; auspicious; as a fortunate event; a fortunate concurrence of circumstances; a fortunate investment.; n.: Receiving same unforeseen or unexpected good or some good which was not dependent on one's own skill or efforts; favored with good forune; lucky.
Found on page(s): [15]

scorn, - scorn,, Definition(s): n.: Extreme and lofty contempt; haughty disregard; that disdain which springs from the opinion of the utter meanness and unworthiness of an object.; n.: An act or expression of extreme contempt.; n.: An object of extreme disdain contempt or derision.; n.: To hold in extreme contempt; to reject as unworthy of regard; to despise; to contemn; to disdain.; n.: To treat with extreme contempt; to make the object of insult; to mock; to scoff at; to deride.; v. i.: To scoff; to mock; to show contumely derision or reproach; to act disdainfully.
Found on page(s): [89]

majority - majority, Definition(s): n.: The quality or condition of being major or greater; superiority.; n.: The military rank of a major.; n.: The condition of being of full age or authorized by law to manage one's own affairs.; n.: The greater number; more than half; as a majority of mankind; a majority of the votes cast.; n.: Ancestors; ancestry.; n.: The amount or number by which one aggregate exceeds all other aggregates with which it is contrasted; especially the number by which the votes for a successful candidate exceed those for all other candidates; as he is elected by a majority of five hundred votes. See Plurality.
Found on page(s): [54]

sequel - sequel, Definition(s): n.: That which follows; a succeeding part; continuation; as the sequel of a man's advantures or history.; n.: Consequence; event; effect; result; as let the sun cease fail or swerve and the sequel would be ruin.; n.: Conclusion; inference.
Found on page(s): [55]

reduce - reduce, Definition(s): n.: To bring or lead back to any former place or condition.; n.: To bring to any inferior state with respect to rank size quantity quality value etc.; to diminish; to lower; to degrade; to impair; as to reduce a sergeant to the ranks; to reduce a drawing; to reduce expenses; to reduce the intensity of heat.; n.: To bring to terms; to humble; to conquer; to subdue; to capture; as to reduce a province or a fort.; n.: To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding pounding kneading rubbing etc.; as to reduce a substance to powder or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit wood or paper rags to pulp.; n.: To bring into a certain order arrangement classification etc.; to bring under rules or within certain limits of descriptions and terms adapted to use in computation; as to reduce animals or vegetables to a class or classes; to reduce a series of observations in astronomy; to reduce language to rules.; n.: To change as numbers from one denomination into another without altering their value or from one denomination into others of the same value; as to reduce pounds shillings and pence to pence or to reduce pence to pounds; to reduce days and hours to minutes or minutes to days and hours.; n.: To change the form of a quantity or expression without altering its value; as to reduce fractions to their lowest terms to a common denominator etc.; n.: To bring to the metallic state by separating from impurities; hence in general to remove oxygen from; to deoxidize; to combine with or to subject to the action of hydrogen; as ferric iron is reduced to ferrous iron; or metals are reduced from their ores; -- opposed to oxidize.; n.: To restore to its proper place or condition as a displaced organ or part; as to reduce a dislocation a fracture or a hernia.
Found on page(s): [55, 58]

inquire - inquire, Definition(s): v. i.: To ask a question; to seek for truth or information by putting queries.; v. i.: To seek to learn anything by recourse to the proper means of knoledge; to make examination.; v. t.: To ask about; to seek to know by asking; to make examination or inquiry respecting.; v. t.: To call or name.
Found on page(s): [7, 16]

Majesty - Majesty, Definition(s): n.: The dignity and authority of sovereign power; quality or state which inspires awe or reverence; grandeur; exalted dignity whether proceeding from rank character or bearing; imposing loftiness; stateliness; -- usually applied to the rank and dignity of sovereigns.; n.: Hence used with the possessive pronoun the title of an emperor king or queen; -- in this sense taking a plural; as their majesties attended the concert.; n.: Dignity; elevation of manner or style.
Found on page(s): [73]

ordinary - ordinary, Definition(s): a.: According to established order; methodical; settled; regular.; a.: Common; customary; usual.; a.: Of common rank quality or ability; not distinguished by superior excellence or beauty; hence not distinguished in any way; commonplace; inferior; of little merit; as men of ordinary judgment; an ordinary book.; n.: An officer who has original jurisdiction in his own right and not by deputation.; n.: One who has immediate jurisdiction in matters ecclesiastical; an ecclesiastical judge; also a deputy of the bishop or a clergyman appointed to perform divine service for condemned criminals and assist in preparing them for death.; n.: A judicial officer having generally the powers of a judge of probate or a surrogate.; n.: The mass; the common run.; n.: That which is so common or continued as to be considered a settled establishment or institution.; n.: Anything which is in ordinary or common use.; n.: A dining room or eating house where a meal is prepared for all comers at a fixed price for the meal in distinction from one where each dish is separately charged; a table d'hote; hence also the meal furnished at such a dining room.; n.: A charge or bearing of simple form one of nine or ten which are in constant use. The bend chevron chief cross fesse pale and saltire are uniformly admitted as ordinaries. Some authorities include bar bend sinister pile and others. See Subordinary.
Found on page(s): [67, 104]

unfaithful, - unfaithful,, Definition(s): a.: Not faithful; not observant of promises vows allegiance or duty; violating trust or confidence; treacherous; perfidious; as an unfaithful subject; an unfaithful agent or servant.; a.: Not possessing faith; infidel.
Found on page(s): [34, 40, 104]

drink - drink, Definition(s): v. i.: To swallow anything liquid for quenching thirst or other purpose; to imbibe; to receive or partake of as if in satisfaction of thirst; as to drink from a spring.; v. i.: To quaff exhilarating or intoxicating liquors in merriment or feasting; to carouse; to revel; hence to lake alcoholic liquors to excess; to be intemperate in the /se of intoxicating or spirituous liquors; to tipple.; v. t.: To swallow (a liquid); to receive as a fluid into the stomach; to imbibe; as to drink milk or water.; v. t.: To take in (a liquid) in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe.; v. t.: To take in; to receive within one through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see.; v. t.: To smoke as tobacco.; n.: Liquid to be swallowed; any fluid to be taken into the stomach for quenching thirst or for other purposes as water coffee or decoctions.; n.: Specifically intoxicating liquor; as when drink is on wit is out.
Found on page(s): [105]

intercept - intercept, Definition(s): v. t.: To take or seize by the way or before arrival at the destined place; to cause to stop on the passage; as to intercept a letter; a telegram will intercept him at Paris.; v. t.: To obstruct or interrupt the progress of; to stop; to hinder or oppose; as to intercept the current of a river.; v. t.: To interrupt communication with or progress toward; to cut off as the destination; to blockade.; v. t.: To include between; as that part of the line which is intercepted between the points A and B.; n.: A part cut off or intercepted as a portion of a line included between two points or cut off two straight lines or curves.
Found on page(s): [96]

bondage. - bondage., Definition(s): a.: The state of being bound; condition of being under restraint; restraint of personal liberty by compulsion; involuntary servitude; slavery; captivity.; a.: Obligation; tie of duty.; a.: Villenage; tenure of land on condition of doing the meanest services for the owner.
Found on page(s): [15]

defy - defy, Definition(s): v. t.: To renounce or dissolve all bonds of affiance faith or obligation with; to reject refuse or renounce.; v. t.: To provoke to combat or strife; to call out to combat; to challenge; to dare; to brave; to set at defiance; to treat with contempt; as to defy an enemy; to defy the power of a magistrate; to defy the arguments of an opponent; to defy public opinion.; n.: A challenge.
Found on page(s): [90]

contemptible, - contemptible,, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of contempt; deserving of scorn or disdain; mean; vile; despicable.; a.: Despised; scorned; neglected; abject.; a.: Insolent; scornful; contemptuous.
Found on page(s): [60]

begin - begin, Definition(s): v. i.: To have or commence an independent or first existence; to take rise; to commence.; v. i.: To do the first act or the first part of an action; to enter upon or commence something new as a new form or state of being or course of action; to take the first step; to start.; v. t.: To enter on; to commence.; v. t.: To trace or lay the foundation of; to make or place a beginning of.; n.: Beginning.
Found on page(s): [16, 27]

ones; - ones;, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [3, 16, 61]

Besides - Besides, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; prep.: Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside prep. 3 and Syn. under Beside.
Found on page(s): [5, 16, 19, 27]

alive - alive, Definition(s): a.: Having life in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions; as an animal or a plant which is alive.; a.: In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent; as to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive.; a.: Exhibiting the activity and motion of many living beings; swarming; thronged.; a.: Sprightly; lively; brisk.; a.: Having susceptibility; easily impressed; having lively feelings as opposed to apathy; sensitive.; a.: Of all living (by way of emphasis).
Found on page(s): [85]

counsel, - counsel,, Definition(s): n.: Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.; n.: Examination of consequences; exercise of deliberate judgment; prudence.; n.: Result of consultation; advice; instruction.; n.: Deliberate purpose; design; intent; scheme; plan.; n.: A secret opinion or purpose; a private matter.; n.: One who gives advice especially in legal matters; one professionally engaged in the trial or management of a cause in court; also collectively the legal advocates united in the management of a case; as the defendant has able counsel.; v. t.: To give advice to; to advice admonish or instruct as a person.; v. t.: To advise or recommend as an act or course.
Found on page(s): [71, 93, 103]

Empire - Empire, Definition(s): n.: Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.; n.: The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king) usually of greater extent than a kingdom always comprising a variety in the nationality of or the forms of administration in constituent and subordinate portions; as the Austrian empire.; n.: Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as the empire of mind or of reason.
Found on page(s): [12, 41]

pursuit - pursuit, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of following or going after; esp. a following with haste either for sport or in hostility; chase; prosecution; as the pursuit of game; the pursuit of an enemy.; v. t.: A following with a view to reach accomplish or obtain; endeavor to attain to or gain; as the pursuit of knowledge; the pursuit of happiness or pleasure.; v. t.: Course of business or occupation; continued employment with a view to same end; as mercantile pursuits; a literary pursuit.; v. t.: Prosecution.
Found on page(s): [30]

defiance; - defiance;, Definition(s): n.: The act of defying putting in opposition or provoking to combat; a challenge; a provocation; a summons to combat.; n.: A state of opposition; willingness to flight; disposition to resist; contempt of opposition.; n.: A casting aside; renunciation; rejection.
Found on page(s): [29]

thinking - thinking, Definition(s): a.: Having the faculty of thought; cogitative; capable of a regular train of ideas; as man is a thinking being.; n.: The act of thinking; mode of thinking; imagination; cogitation; judgment.
Found on page(s): [65, 69, 89, 90, 106]

ones. - ones., Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [61]

composed - composed, Definition(s): a.: Free from agitation; calm; sedate; quiet; tranquil; self-possessed.
Found on page(s): [8, 38, 42, 49]

strove - strove, Definition(s): : of Strive.; : imp. of Strive.
Found on page(s): [101]

reach, - reach,, Definition(s): v. i.: To retch.; n.: An effort to vomit.; v. t.: To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth as a limb a member something held or the like.; v. t.: Hence to deliver by stretching out a member especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as to reach one a book.; v. t.: To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body or something held by one so as to touch strike grasp or the like; as to reach an object with the hand or with a spear.; v. t.: To strike hit or touch with a missile; as to reach an object with an arrow a bullet or a shell.; v. t.: Hence to extend an action effort or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce or cut as far as.; v. t.: To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent; as his land reaches the river.; v. t.: To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as.; v. t.: To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to.; v. t.: To understand; to comprehend.; v. t.: To overreach; to deceive.; v. i.: To stretch out the hand.; v. i.: To strain after something; to make efforts.; v. i.: To extend in dimension time amount action influence etc. so as to touch attain to or be equal to something.; v. i.: To sail on the wind as from one point of tacking to another or with the wind nearly abeam.; n.: The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person or a limb or something held or thrown; as the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot.; n.: The power of stretching out or extending action influence or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.; n.: Extent; stretch; expanse; hence application; influence; result; scope.; n.: An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river as from one turn to another; a level stretch as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land.; n.: An artifice to obtain an advantage.; n.: The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
Found on page(s): [32]

reach. - reach., Definition(s): v. i.: To retch.; n.: An effort to vomit.; v. t.: To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth as a limb a member something held or the like.; v. t.: Hence to deliver by stretching out a member especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as to reach one a book.; v. t.: To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body or something held by one so as to touch strike grasp or the like; as to reach an object with the hand or with a spear.; v. t.: To strike hit or touch with a missile; as to reach an object with an arrow a bullet or a shell.; v. t.: Hence to extend an action effort or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce or cut as far as.; v. t.: To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent; as his land reaches the river.; v. t.: To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as.; v. t.: To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to.; v. t.: To understand; to comprehend.; v. t.: To overreach; to deceive.; v. i.: To stretch out the hand.; v. i.: To strain after something; to make efforts.; v. i.: To extend in dimension time amount action influence etc. so as to touch attain to or be equal to something.; v. i.: To sail on the wind as from one point of tacking to another or with the wind nearly abeam.; n.: The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person or a limb or something held or thrown; as the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot.; n.: The power of stretching out or extending action influence or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.; n.: Extent; stretch; expanse; hence application; influence; result; scope.; n.: An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river as from one turn to another; a level stretch as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land.; n.: An artifice to obtain an advantage.; n.: The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
Found on page(s): [14]

passive, - passive,, Definition(s): a.: Not active but acted upon; suffering or receiving impressions or influences; as they were passive spectators not actors in the scene.; a.: Receiving or enduring without either active sympathy or active resistance; without emotion or excitement; patient; not opposing; unresisting; as passive obedience; passive submission.; a.: Inactive; inert; not showing strong affinity; as red phosphorus is comparatively passive.; a.: Designating certain morbid conditions as hemorrhage or dropsy characterized by relaxation of the vessels and tissues with deficient vitality and lack of reaction in the affected tissues.
Found on page(s): [75]

willingness - willingness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being willing; free choice or consent of the will; freedom from reluctance; readiness of the mind to do or forbear.
Found on page(s): [77]

champion, - champion,, Definition(s): v. t.: To furnish with a champion; to attend or defend as champion; to support or maintain; to protect.
Found on page(s): [40]

respectful - respectful, Definition(s): a.: Marked or characterized by respect; as respectful deportment.
Found on page(s): [58]

likewise - likewise, Definition(s): n.: In like manner; also; moreover; too. See Also.
Found on page(s): [61]

punishment - punishment, Definition(s): n.: The act of punishing.; n.: Any pain suffering or loss inflicted on a person because of a crime or offense.; n.: A penalty inflicted by a court of justice on a convicted offender as a just retribution and incidentally for the purposes of reformation and prevention.
Found on page(s): [49, 55]

consent, - consent,, Definition(s): v. i.: To agree in opinion or sentiment; to be of the same mind; to accord; to concur.; v. i.: To indicate or express a willingness; to yield to guidance persuasion or necessity; to give assent or approval; to comply.; v. t.: To grant; to allow; to assent to; to admit.; n.: Agreement in opinion or sentiment; the being of one mind; accord.; n.: Correspondence in parts qualities or operations; agreement; harmony; coherence.; n.: Voluntary accordance with or concurrence in what is done or proposed by another; acquiescence; compliance; approval; permission.; n.: Capable deliberate and voluntary assent or agreement to or concurrence in some act or purpose implying physical and mental power and free action.; n.: Sympathy. See Sympathy 4.
Found on page(s): [19]

'wholly - 'wholly, Definition(s): adv.: In a whole or complete manner; entirely; completely; perfectly.; adv.: To the exclusion of other things; totally; fully.
Found on page(s): [41]

counsel; - counsel;, Definition(s): n.: Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.; n.: Examination of consequences; exercise of deliberate judgment; prudence.; n.: Result of consultation; advice; instruction.; n.: Deliberate purpose; design; intent; scheme; plan.; n.: A secret opinion or purpose; a private matter.; n.: One who gives advice especially in legal matters; one professionally engaged in the trial or management of a cause in court; also collectively the legal advocates united in the management of a case; as the defendant has able counsel.; v. t.: To give advice to; to advice admonish or instruct as a person.; v. t.: To advise or recommend as an act or course.
Found on page(s): [28]

instruction - instruction, Definition(s): n.: The act of instructing teaching or furnishing with knowledge; information.; n.: Precept; information; teachings.; n.: Direction; order; command.
Found on page(s): [87]

constant - constant, Definition(s): v. t.: Firm; solid; fixed; immovable; -- opposed to fluid.; v. t.: Not liable or given to change; permanent; regular; continuous; continually recurring; steadfast; faithful; not fickle.; v. t.: Remaining unchanged or invariable as a quantity force law etc.; v. t.: Consistent; logical.; n.: That which is not subject to change; that which is invariable.; n.: A quantity that does not change its value; -- used in countradistinction to variable.
Found on page(s): [71]

cursed - cursed, Definition(s): a.: Deserving a curse; execrable; hateful; detestable; abominable.
Found on page(s): [91]

outrage - outrage, Definition(s): v. t.: To rage in excess of.; n.: Injurious violence or wanton wrong done to persons or things; a gross violation of right or decency; excessive abuse; wanton mischief; gross injury.; n.: Excess; luxury.; n.: To commit outrage upon; to subject to outrage; to treat with violence or excessive abuse.; n.: Specifically to violate; to commit an indecent assault upon (a female).; v. t.: To be guilty of an outrage; to act outrageously.
Found on page(s): [85]

anger - anger, Definition(s): n.: Trouble; vexation; also physical pain or smart of a sore etc.; n.: A strong passion or emotion of displeasure or antagonism excited by a real or supposed injury or insult to one's self or others or by the intent to do such injury.; v. t.: To make painful; to cause to smart; to inflame.; v. t.: To excite to anger; to enrage; to provoke.
Found on page(s): [60, 71]

Nothing - Nothing, Definition(s): n.: Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.; n.: Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.; n.: A thing of no account value or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.; n.: A cipher; naught.; adv.: In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Found on page(s): [65]

Emperor - Emperor, Definition(s): n.: The sovereign or supreme monarch of an empire; -- a title of dignity superior to that of king; as the emperor of Germany or of Austria; the emperor or Czar of Russia.
Found on page(s): [39, 58, 71, 103]

son - son, Definition(s): n.: A male child; the male issue or offspring of a parent father or mother.; n.: A male descendant however distant; hence in the plural descendants in general.; n.: Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil ward or any other male dependent.; n.: A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as sons of Albion; sons of New England.; n.: The produce of anything.; n.: Jesus Christ the Savior; -- called the Son of God and the Son of man.
Found on page(s): [4, 10, 23, 25, 41, 55, 57, 59, 60, 86, 88, 91, 98, 99, 101]

perilous - perilous, Definition(s): a.: Full of attended with or involving peril; dangerous; hazardous; as a perilous undertaking.; a.: Daring; reckless; dangerous.
Found on page(s): [15]

sempre - sempre, Definition(s): adv.: Always; throughout; as sempre piano always soft.
Found on page(s): [51]

tactics, - tactics,, Definition(s): n.: The science and art of disposing military and naval forces in order for battle and performing military and naval evolutions. It is divided into grand tactics or the tactics of battles and elementary tactics or the tactics of instruction.; n.: Hence any system or method of procedure.
Found on page(s): [90]

sow - sow, Definition(s): v. i.: To sew. See Sew.; n.: The female of swine or of the hog kind.; n.: A sow bug.; n.: A channel or runner which receives the rows of molds in the pig bed.; n.: The bar of metal which remains in such a runner.; n.: A mass of solidified metal in a furnace hearth; a salamander.; n.: A kind of covered shed formerly used by besiegers in filling up and passing the ditch of a besieged place sapping and mining the wall or the like.; v. t.: To scatter as seed upon the earth; to plant by strewing; as to sow wheat. Also used figuratively: To spread abroad; to propagate.; v. t.: To scatter seed upon in or over; to supply or stock as land with seeds. Also used figuratively: To scatter over; to besprinkle.; v. i.: To scatter seed for growth and the production of a crop; -- literally or figuratively.
Found on page(s): [89]

directly - directly, Definition(s): adv.: In a direct manner; in a straight line or course.; adv.: In a straightforward way; without anything intervening; not by secondary but by direct means.; adv.: Without circumlocution or ambiguity; absolutely; in express terms.; adv.: Exactly; just.; adv.: Straightforwardly; honestly.; adv.: Manifestly; openly.; adv.: Straightway; next in order; without delay; immediately.; adv.: Immediately after; as soon as.
Found on page(s): [51]

Secondly, - Secondly,, Definition(s): adv.: In the second place.
Found on page(s): [21]

usurper - usurper, Definition(s): n.: One who usurps; especially one who seizes illegally on sovereign power; as the usurper of a throne of power or of the rights of a patron.
Found on page(s): [11, 26]

discretion - discretion, Definition(s): n.: Disjunction; separation.; n.: The quality of being discreet; wise conduct and management; cautious discernment especially as to matters of propriety and self-control; prudence; circumspection; wariness.; n.: Discrimination.; n.: Freedom to act according to one's own judgment; unrestrained exercise of choice or will.
Found on page(s): [67]

gently, - gently,, Definition(s): adv.: In a gentle manner.
Found on page(s): [96]

continued: - continued:, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having extension of time space order of events exertion of energy etc.; extended; protracted; uninterrupted; also resumed after interruption; extending through a succession of issues session etc.; as a continued story.
Found on page(s): [105]

thrown - thrown, Definition(s): : a. & p. p. from Throw v.
Found on page(s): [8, 17, 91, 94]

magnanimous - magnanimous, Definition(s): a.: Great of mind; elevated in soul or in sentiment; raised above what is low mean or ungenerous; of lofty and courageous spirit; as a magnanimous character; a magnanimous conqueror.; a.: Dictated by or exhibiting nobleness of soul; honorable; noble; not selfish.
Found on page(s): [22]

preserve - preserve, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep or save from injury or destruction; to guard or defend from evil harm danger etc.; to protect.; v. t.: To save from decay by the use of some preservative substance as sugar salt etc.; to season and prepare for remaining in a good state as fruits meat etc.; as to preserve peaches or grapes.; v. t.: To maintain throughout; to keep intact; as to preserve appearances; to preserve silence.; v. i.: To make preserves.; v. i.: To protect game for purposes of sport.; n.: That which is preserved; fruit etc. seasoned and kept by suitable preparation; esp. fruit cooked with sugar; -- commonly in the plural.; n.: A place in which game fish etc. are preserved for purposes of sport or for food.
Found on page(s): [106]

establish - establish, Definition(s): a.: To make stable or firm; to fix immovably or firmly; to set (a thing) in a place and make it stable there; to settle; to confirm.; a.: To appoint or constitute for permanence as officers laws regulations etc.; to enact; to ordain.; a.: To originate and secure the permanent existence of; to found; to institute; to create and regulate; -- said of a colony a state or other institutions.; a.: To secure public recognition in favor of; to prove and cause to be accepted as true; as to establish a fact usage principle opinion doctrine etc.; a.: To set up in business; to place advantageously in a fixed condition; -- used reflexively; as he established himself in a place; the enemy established themselves in the citadel.
Found on page(s): [15, 50, 77]

costly, - costly,, Definition(s): a.: Of great cost; expensive; dear.; a.: Gorgeous; sumptuous.
Found on page(s): [6]

precious, - precious,, Definition(s): a.: Of great price; costly; as a precious stone.; a.: Of great value or worth; very valuable; highly esteemed; dear; beloved; as precious recollections.; a.: Particular; fastidious; overnice.
Found on page(s): [1]

behind - behind, Definition(s): a.: On the side opposite the front or nearest part; on the back side of; at the back of; on the other side of; as behind a door; behind a hill.; a.: Left after the departure of whether this be by removing to a distance or by death.; a.: Left a distance by in progress of improvement Hence: Inferior to in dignity rank knowledge or excellence or in any achievement.; adv.: At the back part; in the rear.; adv.: Toward the back part or rear; backward; as to look behind.; adv.: Not yet brought forward produced or exhibited to view; out of sight; remaining.; adv.: Backward in time or order of succession; past.; adv.: After the departure of another; as to stay behind.; n.: The backside; the rump.
Found on page(s): [30, 86]

infinitely - infinitely, Definition(s): adv.: Without bounds or limits; beyond or below assignable limits; as an infinitely large or infinitely small quantity.; adv.: Very; exceedingly; vastly; highly; extremely.
Found on page(s): [101]

toothing - toothing, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of indenting or furnishing with teeth.; n.: Bricks alternately projecting at the end of a wall in order that they may be bonded into a continuation of it when the remainder is carried up.
Found on page(s): [3]

sparing - sparing, Definition(s): a.: Spare; saving; frugal; merciful.
Found on page(s): [94]

bow - bow, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to deviate from straightness; to bend; to inflect; to make crooked or curved.; v. t.: To exercise powerful or controlling influence over; to bend figuratively; to turn; to incline.; v. t.: To bend or incline as the head or body in token of respect gratitude assent homage or condescension.; v. t.: To cause to bend down; to prostrate; to depress;/ to crush; to subdue.; v. t.: To express by bowing; as to bow one's thanks.; v. i.: To bend; to curve.; v. i.: To stop.; v. i.: To bend the head knee or body in token of reverence or submission; -- often with down.; v. i.: To incline the head in token of salutation civility or assent; to make bow.; n.: An inclination of the head or a bending of the body in token of reverence respect civility or submission; an obeisance; as a bow of deep humility.; v. t.: Anything bent or in the form of a curve as the rainbow.; v. t.: A weapon made of a strip of wood or other elastic material with a cord connecting the two ends by means of which an arrow is propelled.; v. t.: An ornamental knot with projecting loops formed by doubling a ribbon or string.; v. t.: The U-shaped piece which embraces the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke.; v. t.: An appliance consisting of an elastic rod with a number of horse hairs stretched from end to end of it used in playing on a stringed instrument.; v. t.: An arcograph.; v. t.: Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod with ends connected by a string employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill or for preparing and arranging the hair fur etc. used by hatters.; v. t.: A rude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea.; sing. or pl.: Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddletree.; v. i.: To play (music) with a bow.; v. i. : To manage the bow.; n.: The bending or rounded part of a ship forward; the stream or prow.; n.: One who rows in the forward part of a boat; the bow oar.
Found on page(s): [14]

suspicion, - suspicion,, Definition(s): n.: The act of suspecting; the imagination or apprehension of the existence of something (esp. something wrong or hurtful) without proof or upon very slight evidence or upon no evidence.; n.: Slight degree; suggestion; hint.; v. t.: To view with suspicion; to suspect; to doubt.
Found on page(s): [43]

Praetor - Praetor, Definition(s): n.: See Pretor.
Found on page(s): [24]

Dido, - Dido,, Definition(s): n.: A shrewd trick; an antic; a caper.
Found on page(s): [48]

emperor, - emperor,, Definition(s): n.: The sovereign or supreme monarch of an empire; -- a title of dignity superior to that of king; as the emperor of Germany or of Austria; the emperor or Czar of Russia.
Found on page(s): [37, 70]

stand. - stand., Definition(s): n.: To be supported on the feet in an erect or nearly erect position; -- opposed to lie sit kneel etc.; n.: To continue upright in a certain locality as a tree fixed by the roots or a building resting on its foundation.; n.: To occupy or hold a place; to have a situation; to be situated or located; as Paris stands on the Seine.; n.: To cease from progress; not to proceed; to stop; to pause; to halt; to remain stationary.; n.: To remain without ruin or injury; to hold good against tendencies to impair or injure; to be permanent; to endure; to last; hence to find endurance strength or resources.; n.: To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.; n.: To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed steady or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.; n.: To adhere to fixed principles; to maintain moral rectitude; to keep from falling into error or vice.; n.: To have or maintain a position order or rank; to be in a particular relation; as Christian charity or love stands first in the rank of gifts.; n.: To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.; n.: To be consistent; to agree; to accord.; n.: To hold a course at sea; as to stand from the shore; to stand for the harbor.; n.: To offer one's self or to be offered as a candidate.; n.: To stagnate; not to flow; to be motionless.; n.: To measure when erect on the feet.; n.: To be or remain as it is; to continue in force; to have efficacy or validity; to abide.; n.: To appear in court.; v. t.: To endure; to sustain; to bear; as I can not stand the cold or the heat.; v. t.: To resist without yielding or receding; to withstand.; v. t.: To abide by; to submit to; to suffer.; v. t.: To set upright; to cause to stand; as to stand a book on the shelf; to stand a man on his feet.; v. t.: To be at the expense of; to pay for; as to stand a treat.; v. i.: The act of standing.; v. i.: A halt or stop for the purpose of defense resistance or opposition; as to come to or to make a stand.; v. i.: A place or post where one stands; a place where one may stand while observing or waiting for something.; v. i.: A station in a city or town where carriages or wagons stand for hire; as a cab stand.; v. i.: A raised platform or station where a race or other outdoor spectacle may be viewed; as the judge's or the grand stand at a race course.; v. i.: A small table; also something on or in which anything may be laid hung or placed upright; as a hat stand; an umbrella stand; a music stand.; v. i.: A place where a witness stands to testify in court.; v. i.: The situation of a shop store hotel etc.; as a good bad or convenient stand for business.; v. i.: Rank; post; station; standing.; v. i.: A state of perplexity or embarrassment; as to be at a stand what to do.; v. i.: A young tree usually reserved when other trees are cut; also a tree growing or standing upon its own root in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock either of the same or another kind of tree.; v. i.: A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds -- used in weighing pitch.
Found on page(s): [97]

highly - highly, Definition(s): adv.: In a high manner or to a high degree; very much; as highly esteemed.
Found on page(s): [40, 45, 54]

emperor; - emperor;, Definition(s): n.: The sovereign or supreme monarch of an empire; -- a title of dignity superior to that of king; as the emperor of Germany or of Austria; the emperor or Czar of Russia.
Found on page(s): [59]

unfortunate - unfortunate, Definition(s): a.: Not fortunate; unsuccessful; not prosperous; unlucky; attended with misfortune; unhappy; as an unfortunate adventure; an unfortunate man; an unfortunate commander; unfortunate business.; n.: An unfortunate person.
Found on page(s): [98]

chance - chance, Definition(s): n.: A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force law or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified.; n.: The operation or activity of such agent.; n.: The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty.; n.: A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him.; n.: Probability.; v. i.: To happen come or arrive without design or expectation.; v. t.: To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object.; v. t.: To befall; to happen to.; a.: Happening by chance; casual.; adv.: By chance; perchance.
Found on page(s): [13, 29, 71, 73, 91]

nature - nature, Definition(s): n.: The existing system of things; the world of matter or of matter and mind; the creation; the universe.; n.: The personified sum and order of causes and effects; the powers which produce existing phenomena whether in the total or in detail; the agencies which carry on the processes of creation or of being; -- often conceived of as a single and separate entity embodying the total of all finite agencies and forces as disconnected from a creating or ordering intelligence.; n.: The established or regular course of things; usual order of events; connection of cause and effect.; n.: Conformity to that which is natural as distinguished from that which is artifical or forced or remote from actual experience.; n.: The sum of qualities and attributes which make a person or thing what it is as distinct from others; native character; inherent or essential qualities or attributes; peculiar constitution or quality of being.; n.: Hence: Kind sort; character; quality.; n.: Physical constitution or existence; the vital powers; the natural life.; n.: Natural affection or reverence.; n.: Constitution or quality of mind or character.; v. t.: To endow with natural qualities.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 12, 16, 17, 31, 43, 60, 73, 75, 88, 103]

mankind. - mankind., Definition(s): n.: The human race; man taken collectively.; n.: Men as distinguished from women; the male portion of human race.; n.: Human feelings; humanity.; a.: Manlike; not womanly; masculine; bold; cruel.
Found on page(s): [51]

raised - raised, Definition(s): a.: Lifted up; showing above the surroundings; as raised or embossed metal work.; a.: Leavened; made with leaven or yeast; -- used of bread cake etc. as distinguished from that made with cream of tartar soda etc. See Raise v. t. 4.
Found on page(s): [10, 12, 22, 24, 28, 29, 41, 74, 75, 80, 89, 92, 94, 99]

cross - cross, Definition(s): n.: A gibbet consisting of two pieces of timber placed transversely upon one another in various forms as a T or + with the horizontal piece below the upper end of the upright or as an X. It was anciently used in the execution of criminals.; n.: The sign or mark of the cross made with the finger or in ink etc. or actually represented in some material; the symbol of Christ's death; the ensign and chosen symbol of Christianity of a Christian people and of Christendom.; n.: Affiction regarded as a test of patience or virtue; trial; disappointment; opposition; misfortune.; n.: A piece of money stamped with the figure of a cross also that side of such a piece on which the cross is stamped; hence money in general.; n.: An appendage or ornament or anything in the form of a cross; a badge or ornamental device of the general shape of a cross; hence such an ornament even when varying considerably from that form; thus the Cross of the British Order of St. George and St. Michael consists of a central medallion with seven arms radiating from it.; n.: A monument in the form of a cross or surmounted by a cross set up in a public place; as a market cross; a boundary cross; Charing Cross in London.; n.: A common heraldic bearing of which there are many varieties. See the Illustration above.; n.: The crosslike mark or symbol used instead of a signature by those unable to write.; n.: Church lands.; n.: A line drawn across or through another line.; n.: A mixing of breeds or stock especially in cattle breeding; or the product of such intermixture; a hybrid of any kind.; n.: An instrument for laying of offsets perpendicular to the main course.; n.: A pipe-fitting with four branches the axes of which usually form's right angle.; a.: Not parallel; lying or falling athwart; transverse; oblique; intersecting.; a.: Not accordant with what is wished or expected; interrupting; adverse; contrary; thwarting; perverse.; a.: Characterized by or in a state of peevishness fretfulness or ill humor; as a cross man or woman.; a.: Made in an opposite direction or an inverse relation; mutually inverse; interchanged; as cross interrogatories; cross marriages as when a brother and sister marry persons standing in the same relation to each other.; prep.: Athwart; across.; v. t.: To put across or athwart; to cause to intersect; as to cross the arms.; v. t.: To lay or draw something as a line across; as to cross the letter t.; v. t.: To pass from one side to the other of; to pass or move over; to traverse; as to cross a stream.; v. t.: To pass as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time.; v. t.: To run counter to; to thwart; to obstruct; to hinder; to clash or interfere with.; v. t.: To interfere and cut off; to debar.; v. t.: To make the sign of the cross upon; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun; as he crossed himself.; v. t.: To cancel by marking crosses on or over or drawing a line across; to erase; -- usually with out off or over; as to cross out a name.; v. t.: To cause to interbreed; -- said of different stocks or races; to mix the breed of.; v. i.: To lie or be athwart.; v. i.: To move or pass from one side to the other or from place to place; to make a transit; as to cross from New York to Liverpool.; v. i.: To be inconsistent.; v. i.: To interbreed as races; to mix distinct breeds.
Found on page(s): [97, 100, 101]

benignity - benignity, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being benign; goodness; kindness; graciousness.; n.: Mildness; gentleness.; n.: Salubrity; wholesome quality.
Found on page(s): [1]

German, - German,, Definition(s): a.: Nearly related; closely akin.; n.: A native or one of the people of Germany.; n.: The German language.; n.: A round dance often with a waltz movement abounding in capriciosly involved figures.; n.: A social party at which the german is danced.; n.: Of or pertaining to Germany.
Found on page(s): [97]

acknowledge - acknowledge, Definition(s): v. t.: To of or admit the knowledge of; to recognize as a fact or truth; to declare one's belief in; as to acknowledge the being of a God.; v. t.: To own or recognize in a particular character or relationship; to admit the claims or authority of; to give recognition to.; v. t.: To own with gratitude or as a benefit or an obligation; as to acknowledge a favor the receipt of a letter.; v. t.: To own as genuine; to assent to as a legal instrument to give it validity; to avow or admit in legal form; as to acknowledgea deed.
Found on page(s): [36, 61]

deferential - deferential, Definition(s): a.: Expressing deference; accustomed to defer.
Found on page(s): [88]

hereditary - hereditary, Definition(s): a.: Descended or capable of descending from an ancestor to an heir at law; received or passing by inheritance or that must pass by inheritance; as an hereditary estate or crown.; a.: Transmitted or capable of being transmitted as a constitutional quality or condition from a parent to a child; as hereditary pride bravery disease.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 57, 61, 63, 72]

overthrow - overthrow, Definition(s): v. t.: To throw over; to overturn; to upset; to turn upside down.; v. t.: To cause to fall or to fail; to subvert; to defeat; to make a ruin of; to destroy.; n.: The act of overthrowing; the state of being overthrow; ruin.; n.: The act of throwing a ball too high as over a player's head.; n.: A faulty return of the ball by a fielder so that the striker makes an additional run.
Found on page(s): [12, 17, 78]

abandonment, - abandonment,, Definition(s): n.: The act of abandoning or the state of being abandoned; total desertion; relinquishment.; n.: The relinquishment by the insured to the underwriters of what may remain of the property insured after a loss or damage by a peril insured against.; n.: The relinquishment of a right claim or privilege as to mill site etc.; n.: The voluntary leaving of a person to whom one is bound by a special relation as a wife husband or child; desertion.; n.: Careless freedom or ease; abandon.
Found on page(s): [28]

inflict - inflict, Definition(s): v. t.: To give cause or produce by striking or as if by striking; to apply forcibly; to lay or impose; to send; to cause to bear feel or suffer; as to inflict blows; to inflict a wound with a dagger; to inflict severe pain by ingratitude; to inflict punishment on an offender; to inflict the penalty of death on a criminal.
Found on page(s): [59]

mould - mould, Definition(s): v.: Crumbling soft friable earth; esp. earth containing the remains or constituents of organic matter and suited to the growth of plants; soil.; v.: Earthy material; the matter of which anything is formed; composing substance; material.; v. t.: To cover with mold or soil.; n.: A growth of minute fungi of various kinds esp. those of the great groups Hyphomycetes and Physomycetes forming on damp or decaying organic matter.; v. t.: To cause to become moldy; to cause mold to grow upon.; v. i.: To become moldy; to be covered or filled in whole or in part with a mold.; n.: The matrix or cavity in which anything is shaped and from which it takes its form; also the body or mass containing the cavity; as a sand mold; a jelly mold.; n.: That on which or in accordance with which anything is modeled or formed; anything which serves to regulate the size form etc. as the pattern or templet used by a shipbuilder carpenter or mason.; n.: Cast; form; shape; character.; n.: A group of moldings; as the arch mold of a porch or doorway; the pier mold of a Gothic pier meaning the whole profile section or combination of parts.; n.: A fontanel.; n.: A frame with a wire cloth bottom on which the pump is drained to form a sheet in making paper by hand.; v. t.: To form into a particular shape; to shape; to model; to fashion.; v. t.: To ornament by molding or carving the material of; as a molded window jamb.; v. t.: To knead; as to mold dough or bread.; v. t.: To form a mold of as in sand in which a casting may be made.; : Alt.
Found on page(s): [15]

cunning - cunning, Definition(s): a.: Knowing; skillful; dexterous.; a.: Wrought with or exhibiting skill or ingenuity; ingenious; curious; as cunning work.; a.: Crafty; sly; artful; designing; deceitful.; a.: Pretty or pleasing; as a cunning little boy.; a.: Knowledge; art; skill; dexterity.; a.: The faculty or act of using stratagem to accomplish a purpose; fraudulent skill or dexterity; deceit; craft.
Found on page(s): [59, 82]

dancing - dancing, Definition(s): p. a. & vb. n.: from Dance.
Found on page(s): [105]

condition; - condition;, Definition(s): n.: Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external circumstances or influences or to physical or mental integrity health strength etc.; predicament; rank; position estate.; n.: Essential quality; property; attribute.; n.: Temperament; disposition; character.; n.: That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something else; that which is requisite in order that something else should take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms specified.; n.: A clause in a contract or agreement which has for its object to suspend to defeat or in some way to modify the principal obligation; or in case of a will to suspend revoke or modify a devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event which may or may not happen and on the occurrence or non-occurrence of which the accomplishment recission or modification of an obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend.; v. i.: To make terms; to stipulate.; v. i.: To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.; n.: To invest with or limit by conditions; to burden or qualify by a condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.; n.: To contract; to stipulate; to agree.; n.: To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college; as to condition a student who has failed in some branch of study.; n.: To test or assay as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains).; n.: train; acclimate.
Found on page(s): [17]

vary - vary, Definition(s): v. t.: To change the aspect of; to alter in form appearance substance position or the like; to make different by a partial change; to modify; as to vary the properties proportions or nature of a thing; to vary a posture or an attitude; to vary one's dress or opinions.; v. t.: To change to something else; to transmute; to exchange; to alternate.; v. t.: To make of different kinds; to make different from one another; to diversity; to variegate.; v. t.: To embellish; to change fancifully; to present under new aspects as of form key measure etc. See Variation 4.; v. i.: To alter or be altered in any manner; to suffer a partial change; to become different; to be modified; as colors vary in different lights.; v. i.: To differ or be different; to be unlike or diverse; as the laws of France vary from those of England.; v. i.: To alter or change in succession; to alternate; as one mathematical quantity varies inversely as another.; v. i.: To deviate; to depart; to swerve; -- followed by from; as to vary from the law or from reason.; v. i.: To disagree; to be at variance or in dissension; as men vary in opinion.; n.: Alteration; change.
Found on page(s): [28]

sparing, - sparing,, Definition(s): a.: Spare; saving; frugal; merciful.
Found on page(s): [47]

stood - stood, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Stand.
Found on page(s): [21, 35, 36, 78, 85, 88, 102]

precept - precept, Definition(s): v. t.: To teach by precepts.
Found on page(s): [51, 63]

vase - vase, Definition(s): n.: A vessel adapted for various domestic purposes and anciently for sacrificial uses; especially a vessel of antique or elegant pattern used for ornament; as a porcelain vase; a gold vase; a Grecian vase. See Illust. of Portland vase under Portland.; n.: A vessel similar to that described in the first definition above or the representation of one in a solid block of stone or the like used for an ornament as on a terrace or in a garden. See Illust. of Niche.; n.: The body or naked ground of the Corinthian and Composite capital; -- called also tambour and drum.; n.: The calyx of a plant.
Found on page(s): [106]

fighting - fighting, Definition(s): a.: Qualified for war; fit for battle.; a.: Occupied in war; being the scene of a battle; as a fighting field.
Found on page(s): [12, 24, 37, 78, 81, 97, 103, 104]

transgress - transgress, Definition(s): v. t.: To pass over or beyond; to surpass.; v. t.: Hence to overpass as any prescribed as the /imit of duty; to break or violate as a law civil or moral.; v. t.: To offend against; to vex.; v. i.: To offend against the law; to sin.
Found on page(s): [3]

somewhere - somewhere, Definition(s): adv.: In some place unknown or not specified; in one place or another.
Found on page(s): [9]

penny." - penny.", Definition(s): a.: Denoting pound weight for one thousand; -- used in combination with respect to nails; as tenpenny nails nails of which one thousand weight ten pounds.; n.: An English coin formerly of copper now of bronze the twelfth part of an English shilling in account value and equal to four farthings or about two cents; -- usually indicated by the abbreviation d. (the initial of denarius).; n.: Any small sum or coin; a groat; a stiver.; n.: Money in general; as to turn an honest penny.; n.: See Denarius.; a.: Worth or costing one penny.
Found on page(s): [104]

injure - injure, Definition(s): v. t.: To do harm to; to impair the excellence and value of; to hurt; to damage; -- used in a variety of senses; as: (a) To hurt or wound as the person; to impair soundness as of health. (b) To damage or lessen the value of as goods or estate. (c) To slander tarnish or impair as reputation or character. (d) To impair or diminish as happiness or virtue. (e) To give pain to as the sensibilities or the feelings; to grieve; to annoy. (f) To impair as the intellect or mind.
Found on page(s): [6, 9, 21, 23, 25, 39, 40, 47, 64, 82]

unduly - unduly, Definition(s): adv.: In an undue manner.
Found on page(s): [46]

insolent - insolent, Definition(s): a.: Deviating from that which is customary; novel; strange; unusual.; a.: Haughty and contemptuous or brutal in behavior or language; overbearing; domineering; grossly rude or disrespectful; saucy; as an insolent master; an insolent servant.; a.: Proceeding from or characterized by insolence; insulting; as insolent words or behavior.
Found on page(s): [90]

hinder - hinder, Definition(s): a.: Of or belonging to that part or end which is in the rear or which follows; as the hinder part of a wagon; the hinder parts of a horse.; a.: To keep back or behind; to prevent from starting or moving forward; to check; to retard; to obstruct; to bring to a full stop; -- often followed by from; as an accident hindered the coach; drought hinders the growth of plants; to hinder me from going.; a.: To prevent or embarrass; to debar; to shut out.; v. i.: To interpose obstacles or impediments; to be a hindrance.
Found on page(s): [19, 79, 100]

strengthen - strengthen, Definition(s): v. t.: To make strong or stronger; to add strength to; as to strengthen a limb a bridge an army; to strengthen an obligation; to strengthen authority.; v. t.: To animate; to encourage; to fix in resolution.; v. i.: To grow strong or stronger.
Found on page(s): [4, 33]

descent, - descent,, Definition(s): n.: The act of descending or passing downward; change of place from higher to lower.; n.: Incursion; sudden attack; especially hostile invasion from sea; -- often followed by upon or on; as to make a descent upon the enemy.; n.: Progress downward as in station virtue as in station virtue and the like from a higher to a lower state from a higher to a lower state from the more to the less important from the better to the worse etc.; n.: Derivation as from an ancestor; procedure by generation; lineage; birth; extraction.; n.: Transmission of an estate by inheritance usually but not necessarily in the descending line; title to inherit an estate by reason of consanguinity.; n.: Inclination downward; a descending way; inclined or sloping surface; declivity; slope; as a steep descent.; n.: That which is descended; descendants; issue.; n.: A step or remove downward in any scale of gradation; a degree in the scale of genealogy; a generation.; n.: Lowest place; extreme downward place.; n.: A passing from a higher to a lower tone.
Found on page(s): [68]

injury - injury, Definition(s): a.: Any damage or violation of the person character feelings rights property or interests of an individual; that which injures or occasions wrong loss damage or detriment; harm; hurt; loss; mischief; wrong; evil; as his health was impaired by a severe injury; slander is an injury to the character.
Found on page(s): [6, 27, 59]

drawn - drawn, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: See Draw v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [6, 10, 21, 80]

exhibit - exhibit, Definition(s): v. t.: To hold forth or present to view; to produce publicly for inspection; to show especially in order to attract notice to what is interesting; to display; as to exhibit commodities in a warehouse a picture in a gallery.; v. t.: To submit as a document to a court or officer in course of proceedings; also to present or offer officially or in legal form; to bring as a charge.; v. t.: To administer as a remedy; as to exhibit calomel.; n.: Any article or collection of articles displayed to view as in an industrial exhibition; a display; as this exhibit was marked A; the English exhibit.; n.: A document produced and identified in court for future use as evidence.
Found on page(s): [45]

extremity - extremity, Definition(s): n.: The extreme part; the utmost limit; the farthest or remotest point or part; as the extremities of a country.; n.: One of locomotive appendages of an animal; a limb; a leg or an arm of man.; n.: The utmost point; highest degree; most aggravated or intense form.; n.: The highest degree of inconvenience pain or suffering; greatest need or peril; extreme need; necessity.
Found on page(s): [76]

deny - deny, Definition(s): v. t.: To declare not to be true; to gainsay; to contradict; -- opposed to affirm allow or admit.; v. t.: To refuse (to do something or to accept something); to reject; to decline; to renounce.; v. t.: To refuse to grant; to withhold; to refuse to gratify or yield to; as to deny a request.; v. t.: To disclaim connection with responsibility for and the like; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow.; v. i.: To answer in /// negative; to declare an assertion not to be true.
Found on page(s): [36]

closely - closely, Definition(s): adv.: In a close manner.; adv.: Secretly; privately.
Found on page(s): [7, 26, 28]

Spartan - Spartan, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Sparta especially to ancient Sparta; hence hardy; undaunted; as Spartan souls; Spartan bravey.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Sparta; figuratively a person of great courage and fortitude.
Found on page(s): [54]

nevertheless, - nevertheless,, Definition(s): adv. / conj.: Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Found on page(s): [33, 49, 58, 68, 83]

pleasure - pleasure, Definition(s): n.: The gratification of the senses or of the mind; agreeable sensations or emotions; the excitement relish or happiness produced by the expectation or the enjoyment of something good delightful or satisfying; -- opposed to pain sorrow etc.; n.: Amusement; sport; diversion; self-indulgence; frivolous or dissipating enjoyment; hence sensual gratification; -- opposed to labor service duty self-denial etc.; n.: What the will dictates or prefers as gratifying or satisfying; hence will; choice; wish; purpose.; n.: That which pleases; a favor; a gratification.; v. t.: To give or afford pleasure to; to please; to gratify.; v. i.: To take pleasure; to seek pursue pleasure; as to go pleasuring.
Found on page(s): [66, 94]

miserable - miserable, Definition(s): a.: Very unhappy; wretched.; a.: Causing unhappiness or misery.; a.: Worthless; mean; despicable; as a miserable fellow; a miserable dinner.; a.: Avaricious; niggardly; miserly.; n.: A miserable person.
Found on page(s): [73]

Virtu - Virtu, Definition(s): n.: A love of the fine arts; a taste for curiosities.
Found on page(s): [79]

accept - accept, Definition(s): v. t.: To receive with a consenting mind (something offered); as to accept a gift; -- often followed by of.; v. t.: To receive with favor; to approve.; v. t.: To receive or admit and agree to; to assent to; as I accept your proposal amendment or excuse.; v. t.: To receive as obligatory and promise to pay; as to accept a bill of exchange.; v. t.: In a deliberate body to receive in acquittance of a duty imposed; as to accept the report of a committee. [This makes it the property of the body and the question is then on its adoption.; a.: Accepted.
Found on page(s): [8, 93]

morning - morning, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as morning dew; morning light; morning service.
Found on page(s): [20, 24, 100]

glory - glory, Definition(s): n.: Praise honor admiration or distinction accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; honorable fame; renown.; n.: That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honor; that which brings or gives renown; an object of pride or boast; the occasion of praise; excellency; brilliancy; splendor.; n.: Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.; n.: The presence of the Divine Being; the manifestations of the divine nature and favor to the blessed in heaven; celestial honor; heaven.; n.: An emanation of light supposed to proceed from beings of peculiar sanctity. It is represented in art by rays of gold or the like proceeding from the head or body or by a disk or a mere line.; n.: To exult with joy; to rejoice.; n.: To boast; to be proud.
Found on page(s): [50, 72, 74, 77, 102]

horse - horse, Definition(s): n.: A hoofed quadruped of the genus Equus; especially the domestic horse (E. caballus) which was domesticated in Egypt and Asia at a very early period. It has six broad molars on each side of each jaw with six incisors and two canine teeth both above and below. The mares usually have the canine teeth rudimentary or wanting. The horse differs from the true asses in having a long flowing mane and the tail bushy to the base. Unlike the asses it has callosities or chestnuts on all its legs. The horse excels in strength speed docility courage and nobleness of character and is used for drawing carrying bearing a rider and like purposes.; n.: The male of the genus horse in distinction from the female or male; usually a castrated male.; n.: Mounted soldiery; cavalry; -- used without the plural termination; as a regiment of horse; -- distinguished from foot.; n.: A frame with legs used to support something; as a clotheshorse a sawhorse etc.; n.: A frame of timber shaped like a horse on which soldiers were made to ride for punishment.; n.: Anything actual or figurative on which one rides as on a horse; a hobby.; n.: A mass of earthy matter or rock of the same character as the wall rock occurring in the course of a vein as of coal or ore; hence to take horse -- said of a vein -- is to divide into branches for a distance.; n.: See Footrope a.; a.: A breastband for a leadsman.; a.: An iron bar for a sheet traveler to slide upon.; a.: A jackstay.; v. t.: To provide with a horse or with horses; to mount on or as on a horse.; v. t.: To sit astride of; to bestride.; v. t.: To cover as a mare; -- said of the male.; v. t.: To take or carry on the back; as the keeper horsing a deer.; v. t.: To place on the back of another or on a wooden horse etc. to be flogged; to subject to such punishment.; v. i.: To get on horseback.
Found on page(s): [90, 98]

estimation, - estimation,, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of estimating.; v. t.: An opinion or judgment of the worth extent or quantity of anything formed without using precise data; valuation; as estimations of distance magnitude amount or moral qualities.; v. t.: Favorable opinion; esteem; regard; honor.; v. t.: Supposition; conjecture.
Found on page(s): [92, 105]

murderer, - murderer,, Definition(s): n.: One guilty of murder; a person who in possession of his reason unlawfully kills a human being with premeditated malice.; n.: A small cannon formerly used for clearing a ship's decks of boarders; -- called also murdering piece.
Found on page(s): [91]

Coming - Coming, Definition(s): a.: Approaching; of the future especially the near future; the next; as the coming week or year; the coming exhibition.; a.: Ready to come; complaisant; fond.; n.: Approach; advent; manifestation; as the coming of the train.; n.: Specifically: The Second Advent of Christ.
Found on page(s): [47]

advisable - advisable, Definition(s): a.: Proper to be advised or to be done; expedient; prudent.; a.: Ready to receive advice.
Found on page(s): [20, 94]

duke; - duke;, Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [84]

overcome - overcome, Definition(s): v. t.: To get the better of; to surmount; to conquer; to subdue; as to overcome enemies in battle.; v. t.: To overflow; to surcharge.; v. t.: To come or pass over; to spreads over.; v. i.: To gain the superiority; to be victorious.
Found on page(s): [16, 22, 31, 36, 50, 63, 101, 104]

serving - serving, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Serve.
Found on page(s): [64]

secretary - secretary, Definition(s): n.: One who keeps or is intrusted with secrets.; n.: A person employed to write orders letters dispatches public or private papers records and the like; an official scribe amanuensis or writer; one who attends to correspondence and transacts other business for an association a public body or an individual.; n.: An officer of state whose business is to superintend and manage the affairs of a particular department of government and who is usually a member of the cabinet or advisory council of the chief executive; as the secretary of state who conducts the correspondence and attends to the relations of a government with foreign courts; the secretary of the treasury who manages the department of finance; the secretary of war etc.; n.: A piece of furniture with conveniences for writing and for the arrangement of papers; an escritoire.; n.: The secretary bird.
Found on page(s): [65]

duke. - duke., Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [19, 33, 84]

duke, - duke,, Definition(s): n.: A leader; a chief; a prince.; n.: In England one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.; n.: In some European countries a sovereign prince without the title of king.; v. i.: To play the duke.
Found on page(s): [18, 19, 20, 33, 40, 80, 82, 83, 84]

silk - silk, Definition(s): n.: The fine soft thread produced by various species of caterpillars in forming the cocoons within which the worm is inclosed during the pupa state especially that produced by the larvae of Bombyx mori.; n.: Hence thread spun or cloth woven from the above-named material.; n.: That which resembles silk as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize.
Found on page(s): [105]

silent - silent, Definition(s): a.: Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.; a.: Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative.; a.: Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as the wind is silent.; a.: Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent; as e is silent in fable.; a.: Having no effect; not operating; inefficient.; n.: That which is silent; a time of silence.
Found on page(s): [23]

stopped - stopped, Definition(s): a.: Made by complete closure of the mouth organs; shut; -- said of certain consonants (p b t d etc.).
Found on page(s): [43, 102]

storm - storm, Definition(s): n.: A violent disturbance of the atmosphere attended by wind rain snow hail or thunder and lightning; hence often a heavy fall of rain snow or hail whether accompanied with wind or not.; n.: A violent agitation of human society; a civil political or domestic commotion; sedition insurrection or war; violent outbreak; clamor; tumult.; n.: A heavy shower or fall any adverse outburst of tumultuous force; violence.; n.: A violent assault on a fortified place; a furious attempt of troops to enter and take a fortified place by scaling the walls forcing the gates or the like.; v. t.: To assault; to attack and attempt to take by scaling walls forcing gates breaches or the like; as to storm a fortified town.; v. i.: To raise a tempest.; v. i.: To blow with violence; also to rain hail snow or the like usually in a violent manner or with high wind; -- used impersonally; as it storms.; v. i.: To rage; to be in a violent passion; to fume.
Found on page(s): [17, 105]

inconstant - inconstant, Definition(s): a.: Not constant; not stable or uniform; subject to change of character appearance opinion inclination or purpose etc.; not firm; unsteady; fickle; changeable; variable; -- said of persons or things; as inconstant in love or friendship.
Found on page(s): [17]

lighter - lighter, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which lights; as a lighter of lamps.; n.: A large boat or barge mainly used in unloading or loading vessels which can not reach the wharves at the place of shipment or delivery.; v. t.: To convey by a lighter as to or from the shore; as to lighter the cargo of a ship.
Found on page(s): [6]

amid - amid, Definition(s): prep.: See Amidst.; prep.: In the midst or middle of; surrounded or encompassed by; among.
Found on page(s): [29, 98]

beloved - beloved, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Greatly loved; dear to the heart.; n.: One greatly loved.
Found on page(s): [11, 22, 48, 59]

hill - hill, Definition(s): n.: A natural elevation of land or a mass of earth rising above the common level of the surrounding land; an eminence less than a mountain.; n.: The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill v. t.; v. t.: A single cluster or group of plants growing close together and having the earth heaped up about them; as a hill of corn or potatoes.; v. t.: To surround with earth; to heap or draw earth around or upon; as to hill corn.
Found on page(s): [96, 97]

discerning - discerning, Definition(s): a.: Acute; shrewd; sagacious; sharp-sighted.
Found on page(s): [40]

regard, - regard,, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon.; v. t.: Hence to look or front toward; to face.; v. t.: To look closely at; to observe attentively; to pay attention to; to notice or remark particularly.; v. t.: To look upon as in a certain relation; to hold as an popinion; to consider; as to regard abstinence from wine as a duty; to regard another as a friend or enemy.; v. t.: To consider and treat; to have a certain feeling toward; as to regard one with favor or dislike.; v. t.: To pay respect to; to treat as something of peculiar value sanctity or the like; to care for; to esteem.; v. t.: To take into consideration; to take account of as a fact or condition.; v. t.: To have relation to as bearing upon; to respect; to relate to; to touch; as an argument does not regard the question; -- often used impersonally; as I agree with you as regards this or that.; v. i.: To look attentively; to consider; to notice.; v. t.: A look; aspect directed to another; view; gaze.; v. t.: Attention of the mind with a feeling of interest; observation; heed; notice.; v. t.: That view of the mind which springs from perception of value estimable qualities or anything that excites admiration; respect; esteem; reverence; affection; as to have a high regard for a person; -- often in the plural.; v. t.: State of being regarded whether favorably or otherwise; estimation; repute; note; account.; v. t.: Consideration; thought; reflection; heed.; v. t.: Matter for consideration; account; condition.; v. t.: Respect; relation; reference.; v. t.: Object of sight; scene; view; aspect.; v. t.: Supervision; inspection.
Found on page(s): [67]

cloak - cloak, Definition(s): n.: A loose outer garment extending from the neck downwards and commonly without sleeves. It is longer than a cape and is worn both by men and by women.; n.: That which conceals; a disguise or pretext; an excuse; a fair pretense; a mask; a cover.; v. t.: To cover with or as with a cloak; hence to hide or conceal.
Found on page(s): [66]

tightly - tightly, Definition(s): adv.: In a tight manner; closely; nearly.
Found on page(s): [63]

vast - vast, Definition(s): superl.: Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.; superl.: Of great extent; very spacious or large; also huge in bulk; immense; enormous; as the vast ocean; vast mountains; the vast empire of Russia.; superl.: Very great in numbers quantity or amount; as a vast army; a vast sum of money.; superl.: Very great in importance; as a subject of vast concern.; n.: A waste region; boundless space; immensity.
Found on page(s): [103]

detriment - detriment, Definition(s): n.: That which injures or causes damage; mischief; harm; diminution; loss; damage; -- used very generically; as detriments to property religion morals etc.; n.: A charge made to students and barristers for incidental repairs of the rooms they occupy.; v. t.: To do injury to; to hurt.
Found on page(s): [89]

gentleman, - gentleman,, Definition(s): n.: A man well born; one of good family; one above the condition of a yeoman.; n.: One of gentle or refined manners; a well-bred man.; n.: One who bears arms but has no title.; n.: The servant of a man of rank.; n.: A man irrespective of condition; -- used esp. in the plural (= citizens; people) in addressing men in popular assemblies etc.
Found on page(s): [87]

declare - declare, Definition(s): v. t.: To make clear; to free from obscurity.; v. t.: To make known by language; to communicate or manifest explicitly and plainly in any way; to exhibit; to publish; to proclaim; to announce.; v. t.: To make declaration of; to assert; to affirm; to set forth; to avow; as he declares the story to be false.; v. t.: To make full statement of as goods etc. for the purpose of paying taxes duties etc.; v. i.: To make a declaration or an open and explicit avowal; to proclaim one's self; -- often with for or against; as victory declares against the allies.; v. i.: To state the plaintiff's cause of action at law in a legal form; as the plaintiff declares in trespass.
Found on page(s): [59, 66, 67]

Leghorn, - Leghorn,, Definition(s): n.: A straw plaiting used for bonnets and hats made from the straw of a particular kind of wheat grown for the purpose in Tuscany Italy; -- so called from Leghorn the place of exportation.
Found on page(s): [105]

necessary, - necessary,, Definition(s): a.: Such as must be; impossible to be otherwise; not to be avoided; inevitable.; a.: Impossible to be otherwise or to be dispensed with without preventing the attainment of a desired result; indispensable; requiste; essential.; a.: Acting from necessity or compulsion; involuntary; -- opposed to free; as whether man is a necessary or a free agent is a question much discussed.; n.: A thing that is necessary or indispensable to some purpose; something that one can not do without; a requisite; an essential; -- used chiefly in the plural; as the necessaries of life.; n.: A privy; a water-closet.; n.: Such things in respect to infants lunatics and married women as are requisite for support suitable to station.
Found on page(s): [15, 16, 32, 47, 57, 77]

express - express, Definition(s): a.: Exactly representing; exact.; a.: Directly and distinctly stated; declared in terms; not implied or left to inference; made unambiguous by intention and care; clear; not dubious; as express consent; an express statement.; a.: Intended for a particular purpose; relating to an express; sent on a particular errand; dispatched with special speed; as an express messenger or train. Also used adverbially.; n.: A clear image or representation; an expression; a plain declaration.; n.: A messenger sent on a special errand; a courier; hence a regular and fast conveyance; commonly a company or system for the prompt and safe transportation of merchandise or parcels; also a railway train for transporting passengers or goods with speed and punctuality.; n.: An express office.; n.: That which is sent by an express messenger or message.; a.: To press or squeeze out; as to express the juice of grapes or of apples; hence to extort; to elicit.; a.: To make or offer a representation of; to show by a copy or likeness; to represent; to resemble.; a.: To give a true impression of; to represent and make known; to manifest plainly; to show in general; to exhibit as an opinion or feeling by a look gesture and esp. by language; to declare; to utter; to tell.; a.: To make known the opinions or feelings of; to declare what is in the mind of; to show (one's self); to cause to appear; -- used reflexively.; a.: To denote; to designate.; a.: To send by express messenger; to forward by special opportunity or through the medium of an express; as to express a package.
Found on page(s): [79]

unusual - unusual, Definition(s): a.: Not usual; uncommon; rare; as an unusual season; a person of unusual grace or erudition.
Found on page(s): [66]

extreme - extreme, Definition(s): a.: At the utmost point edge or border; outermost; utmost; farthest; most remote; at the widest limit.; a.: Last; final; conclusive; -- said of time; as the extreme hour of life.; a.: The best of worst; most urgent; greatest; highest; immoderate; excessive; most violent; as an extreme case; extreme folly.; a.: Radical; ultra; as extreme opinions.; a.: Extended or contracted as much as possible; -- said of intervals; as an extreme sharp second; an extreme flat forth.; n.: The utmost point or verge; that part which terminates a body; extremity.; n.: Utmost limit or degree that is supposable or tolerable; hence furthest degree; any undue departure from the mean; -- often in the plural: things at an extreme distance from each other the most widely different states etc.; as extremes of heat and cold of virtue and vice; extremes meet.; n.: An extreme state or condition; hence calamity danger distress etc.; n.: Either of the extreme terms of a syllogism the middle term being interposed between them.; n.: The first or the last term of a proportion or series.
Found on page(s): [2, 18, 24]

decision. - decision., Definition(s): n.: Cutting off; division; detachment of a part.; n.: The act of deciding; act of settling or terminating as a controversy by giving judgment on the matter at issue; determination as of a question or doubt; settlement; conclusion.; n.: An account or report of a conclusion especially of a legal adjudication or judicial determination of a question or cause; as a decision of arbitrators; a decision of the Supreme Court.; n.: The quality of being decided; prompt and fixed determination; unwavering firmness; as to manifest great decision.
Found on page(s): [64]

gentleman. - gentleman., Definition(s): n.: A man well born; one of good family; one above the condition of a yeoman.; n.: One of gentle or refined manners; a well-bred man.; n.: One who bears arms but has no title.; n.: The servant of a man of rank.; n.: A man irrespective of condition; -- used esp. in the plural (= citizens; people) in addressing men in popular assemblies etc.
Found on page(s): [88]

greatness - greatness, Definition(s): n.: The state condition or quality of being great; as greatness of size greatness of mind power etc.; n.: Pride; haughtiness.
Found on page(s): [2, 10, 24, 25, 32, 33, 48, 72, 76]

advice, - advice,, Definition(s): n.: An opinion recommended or offered as worthy to be followed; counsel.; n.: Deliberate consideration; knowledge.; n.: Information or notice given; intelligence; as late advices from France; -- commonly in the plural.; n.: Counseling to perform a specific illegal act.
Found on page(s): [26, 71, 84]

degree - degree, Definition(s): n.: A step stair or staircase.; n.: One of a series of progressive steps upward or downward in quality rank acquirement and the like; a stage in progression; grade; gradation; as degrees of vice and virtue; to advance by slow degrees; degree of comparison.; n.: The point or step of progression to which a person has arrived; rank or station in life; position.; n.: Measure of advancement; quality; extent; as tastes differ in kind as well as in degree.; n.: Grade or rank to which scholars are admitted by a college or university in recognition of their attainments; as the degree of bachelor of arts master doctor etc.; n.: A certain distance or remove in the line of descent determining the proximity of blood; one remove in the chain of relationship; as a relation in the third or fourth degree.; n.: Three figures taken together in numeration; thus 140 is one degree 222140 two degrees.; n.: State as indicated by sum of exponents; more particularly the degree of a term is indicated by the sum of the exponents of its literal factors; thus a2b3c is a term of the sixth degree. The degree of a power or radical is denoted by its index that of an equation by the greatest sum of the exponents of the unknown quantities in any term; thus ax4 + bx2 = c and mx2y2 + nyx = p are both equations of the fourth degree.; n.: A 360th part of the circumference of a circle which part is taken as the principal unit of measure for arcs and angles. The degree is divided into 60 minutes and the minute into 60 seconds.; n.: A division space or interval marked on a mathematical or other instrument as on a thermometer.; n.: A line or space of the staff.
Found on page(s): [14, 26, 34, 73, 99]

especially - especially, Definition(s): adv.: In an especial manner; chiefly; particularly; peculiarly; in an uncommon degree.
Found on page(s): [5, 19, 28, 29, 44, 52, 53, 57, 63, 67, 96]

demonstrate - demonstrate, Definition(s): v. t.: To point out; to show; to exhibit; to make evident.; v. t.: To show or make evident by reasoning or proof; to prove by deduction; to establish so as to exclude the possibility of doubt or denial.; v. t.: To exhibit and explain (a dissection or other anatomical preparation).
Found on page(s): [35]

occurrence. - occurrence., Definition(s): n.: A coming or happening; as the occurence of a railway collision.; n.: Any incident or event; esp. one which happens without being designed or expected; as an unusual occurrence or the ordinary occurrences of life.
Found on page(s): [90]

laid, - laid,, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Lay.
Found on page(s): [22, 34]

idea - idea, Definition(s): n.: The transcript image or picture of a visible object that is formed by the mind; also a similar image of any object whatever whether sensible or spiritual.; n.: A general notion or a conception formed by generalization.; n.: Hence: Any object apprehended conceived or thought of by the mind; a notion conception or thought; the real object that is conceived or thought of.; n.: A belief option or doctrine; a characteristic or controlling principle; as an essential idea; the idea of development.; n.: A plan or purpose of action; intention; design.; n.: A rational conception; the complete conception of an object when thought of in all its essential elements or constituents; the necessary metaphysical or constituent attributes and relations when conceived in the abstract.; n.: A fiction object or picture created by the imagination; the same when proposed as a pattern to be copied or a standard to be reached; one of the archetypes or patterns of created things conceived by the Platonists to have excited objectively from eternity in the mind of the Deity.
Found on page(s): [62, 68]

throne - throne, Definition(s): n.: A chair of state commonly a royal seat but sometimes the seat of a prince bishop or other high dignitary.; n.: Hence sovereign power and dignity; also the one who occupies a throne or is invested with sovereign authority; an exalted or dignified personage.; n.: A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.; v. t.: To place on a royal seat; to enthrone.; v. t.: To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt.; v. i.: To be in or sit upon a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne.
Found on page(s): [48, 57]

contemptible; - contemptible;, Definition(s): a.: Worthy of contempt; deserving of scorn or disdain; mean; vile; despicable.; a.: Despised; scorned; neglected; abject.; a.: Insolent; scornful; contemptuous.
Found on page(s): [53]

monument - monument, Definition(s): n.: Something which stands or remains to keep in remembrance what is past; a memorial.; n.: A building pillar stone or the like erected to preserve the remembrance of a person event action etc.; as the Washington monument; the Bunker Hill monument. Also a tomb with memorial inscriptions.; n.: A stone or other permanent object serving to indicate a limit or to mark a boundary.; n.: A saying deed or example worthy of record.
Found on page(s): [67]

infantry - infantry, Definition(s): n.: A body of children.; n.: A body of soldiers serving on foot; foot soldiers in distinction from cavalry.
Found on page(s): [38, 41, 61, 78, 84, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101]

ADOPTED - ADOPTED, Definition(s): a.: Taken by adoption; taken up as one's own; as an adopted son citizen country word.
Found on page(s): [79]

throughout - throughout, Definition(s): prep.: Quite through; from one extremity to the other of; also every part of; as to search throughout the house.; adv.: In every part; as the cloth was of a piece throughout.
Found on page(s): [80, 82, 88, 94]

CLEMENCY, - CLEMENCY,, Definition(s): n.: Disposition to forgive and spare as offenders; mildness of temper; gentleness; tenderness; mercy.; n.: Mildness or softness of the elements; as the clemency of the season.
Found on page(s): [47]

foreigner. - foreigner., Definition(s): n.: A person belonging to or owning allegiance to a foreign country; one not native in the country or jurisdiction under consideration or not naturalized there; an alien; a stranger.
Found on page(s): [39]

virtue - virtue, Definition(s): n.: Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.; n.: Active quality or power; capacity or power adequate to the production of a given effect; energy; strength; potency; efficacy; as the virtue of a medicine.; n.: Energy or influence operating without contact of the material or sensible substance.; n.: Excellence; value; merit; meritoriousness; worth.; n.: Specifically moral excellence; integrity of character; purity of soul; performance of duty.; n.: A particular moral excellence; as the virtue of temperance of charity etc.; n.: Specifically: Chastity; purity; especially the chastity of women; virginity.; n.: One of the orders of the celestial hierarchy.
Found on page(s): [36, 44, 46, 76, 77, 88]

distinction. - distinction., Definition(s): n.: A marking off by visible signs; separation into parts; division.; n.: The act of distinguishing or denoting the differences between objects or the qualities by which one is known from others; exercise of discernment; discrimination.; n.: That which distinguishes one thing from another; distinguishing quality; sharply defined difference; as the distinction between real and apparent good.; n.: Estimation of difference; regard to differences or distinguishing circumstance.; n.: Conspicuous station; eminence; superiority; honorable estimation; as a man of distinction.
Found on page(s): [95]

successful - successful, Definition(s): a.: Resulting in success; assuring or promotive of success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence prosperous; fortunate; happy; as a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
Found on page(s): [74, 102, 106]

British - British, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Great Britain or to its inhabitants; -- sometimes restricted to the original inhabitants.; n. pl.: People of Great Britain.
Found on page(s): [41]

corrupt - corrupt, Definition(s): a.: Changed from a sound to a putrid state; spoiled; tainted; vitiated; unsound.; a.: Changed from a state of uprightness correctness truth etc. to a worse state; vitiated; depraved; debased; perverted; as corrupt language; corrupt judges.; a.: Abounding in errors; not genuine or correct; as the text of the manuscript is corrupt.; v. t.: To change from a sound to a putrid or putrescent state; to make putrid; to putrefy.; v. t.: To change from good to bad; to vitiate; to deprave; to pervert; to debase; to defile.; v. t.: To draw aside from the path of rectitude and duty; as to corrupt a judge by a bribe.; v. t.: To debase or render impure by alterations or innovations; to falsify; as to corrupt language; to corrupt the sacred text.; v. t.: To waste spoil or consume; to make worthless.; v. i.: To become putrid or tainted; to putrefy; to rot.; v. i.: To become vitiated; to lose putity or goodness.
Found on page(s): [58, 98]

weaken - weaken, Definition(s): v. t.: To make weak; to lessen the strength of; to deprive of strength; to debilitate; to enfeeble; to enervate; as to weaken the body or the mind; to weaken the hands of a magistrate; to weaken the force of an objection or an argument.; v. t.: To reduce in quality strength or spirit; as to weaken tea; to weaken any solution or decoction.; v. i.: To become weak or weaker; to lose strength spirit or determination; to become less positive or resolute; as the patient weakened; the witness weakened on cross-examination.
Found on page(s): [6]

impulse, - impulse,, Definition(s): n.: The act of impelling or driving onward with sudden force; impulsion; especially force so communicated as to produced motion suddenly or immediately.; n.: The effect of an impelling force; motion produced by a sudden or momentary force.; n.: The action of a force during a very small interval of time; the effect of such action; as the impulse of a sudden blow upon a hard elastic body.; n.: A mental force which simply and directly urges to action; hasty inclination; sudden motive; momentary or transient influence of appetite or passion; propension; incitement; as a man of good impulses; passion often gives a violent impulse to the will.; v. t.: To impel; to incite.
Found on page(s): [74]

ones - ones, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 16, 26]

passing - passing, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which passes; the act of going by or away.; a.: Relating to the act of passing or going; going by beyond through or away; departing.; a.: Exceeding; surpassing eminent.; adv.: Exceedingly; excessively; surpassingly; as passing fair; passing strange.
Found on page(s): [29, 99]

gentleman - gentleman, Definition(s): n.: A man well born; one of good family; one above the condition of a yeoman.; n.: One of gentle or refined manners; a well-bred man.; n.: One who bears arms but has no title.; n.: The servant of a man of rank.; n.: A man irrespective of condition; -- used esp. in the plural (= citizens; people) in addressing men in popular assemblies etc.
Found on page(s): [87]

Scale, - Scale,, Definition(s): n.: The dish of a balance; hence the balance itself; an instrument or machine for weighing; as to turn the scale; -- chiefly used in the plural when applied to the whole instrument or apparatus for weighing. Also used figuratively.; n.: The sign or constellation Libra.; v. t.: To weigh or measure according to a scale; to measure; also to grade or vary according to a scale or system.; n.: One of the small thin membranous bony or horny pieces which form the covering of many fishes and reptiles and some mammals belonging to the dermal part of the skeleton or dermoskeleton. See Cycloid Ctenoid and Ganoid.; n.: Hence any layer or leaf of metal or other material resembling in size and thinness the scale of a fish; as a scale of iron of bone etc.; n.: One of the small scalelike structures covering parts of some invertebrates as those on the wings of Lepidoptera and on the body of Thysanura; the elytra of certain annelids. See Lepidoptera.; n.: A scale insect. (See below.; n.: A small appendage like a rudimentary leaf resembling the scales of a fish in form and often in arrangement; as the scale of a bud of a pine cone and the like. The name is also given to the chaff on the stems of ferns.; n.: The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife. See Illust. of Pocketknife.; n.: An incrustation deposit on the inside of a vessel in which water is heated as a steam boiler.; n.: The thin oxide which forms on the surface of iron forgings. It consists essentially of the magnetic oxide Fe3O4. Also a similar coating upon other metals.; v. t.: To strip or clear of scale or scales; as to scale a fish; to scale the inside of a boiler.; v. t.: To take off in thin layers or scales as tartar from the teeth; to pare off as a surface.; v. t.: To scatter; to spread.; v. t.: To clean as the inside of a cannon by the explosion of a small quantity of powder.; v. i.: To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae; as some sandstone scales by exposure.; v. i.: To separate; to scatter.; n.: A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending.; n.: Hence anything graduated especially when employed as a measure or rule or marked by lines at regular intervals.; n.: A mathematical instrument consisting of a slip of wood ivory or metal with one or more sets of spaces graduated and numbered on its surface for measuring or laying off distances etc. as in drawing plotting and the like. See Gunter's scale.; n.: A series of spaces marked by lines and representing proportionately larger distances; as a scale of miles yards feet etc. for a map or plan.; n.: A basis for a numeral system; as the decimal scale; the binary scale etc.; n.: The graduated series of all the tones ascending or descending from the keynote to its octave; -- called also the gamut. It may be repeated through any number of octaves. See Chromatic scale Diatonic scale Major scale and Minor scale under Chromatic Diatonic Major and Minor.; n.: Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order; as a scale of being.; n.: Relative dimensions without difference in proportion of parts; size or degree of the parts or components in any complex thing compared with other like things; especially the relative proportion of the linear dimensions of the parts of a drawing map model etc. to the dimensions of the corresponding parts of the object that is represented; as a map on a scale of an inch to a mile.; v. t.: To climb by a ladder or as if by a ladder; to ascend by steps or by climbing; to clamber up; as to scale the wall of a fort.; v. i.: To lead up by steps; to ascend.
Found on page(s): [92]

sack - sack, Definition(s): n.: A name formerly given to various dry Spanish wines.; n.: A bag for holding and carrying goods of any kind; a receptacle made of some kind of pliable material as cloth leather and the like; a large pouch.; n.: A measure of varying capacity according to local usage and the substance. The American sack of salt is 215 pounds; the sack of wheat two bushels.; n.: Originally a loosely hanging garment for women worn like a cloak about the shoulders and serving as a decorative appendage to the gown; now an outer garment with sleeves worn by women; as a dressing sack.; n.: A sack coat; a kind of coat worn by men and extending from top to bottom without a cross seam.; n.: See 2d Sac 2.; n.: Bed.; v. t.: To put in a sack; to bag; as to sack corn.; v. t.: To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders.; n.: The pillage or plunder as of a town or city; the storm and plunder of a town; devastation; ravage.; v. t.: To plunder or pillage as a town or city; to devastate; to ravage.
Found on page(s): [85]

reach - reach, Definition(s): v. i.: To retch.; n.: An effort to vomit.; v. t.: To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth as a limb a member something held or the like.; v. t.: Hence to deliver by stretching out a member especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as to reach one a book.; v. t.: To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body or something held by one so as to touch strike grasp or the like; as to reach an object with the hand or with a spear.; v. t.: To strike hit or touch with a missile; as to reach an object with an arrow a bullet or a shell.; v. t.: Hence to extend an action effort or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce or cut as far as.; v. t.: To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent; as his land reaches the river.; v. t.: To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as.; v. t.: To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to.; v. t.: To understand; to comprehend.; v. t.: To overreach; to deceive.; v. i.: To stretch out the hand.; v. i.: To strain after something; to make efforts.; v. i.: To extend in dimension time amount action influence etc. so as to touch attain to or be equal to something.; v. i.: To sail on the wind as from one point of tacking to another or with the wind nearly abeam.; n.: The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person or a limb or something held or thrown; as the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot.; n.: The power of stretching out or extending action influence or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.; n.: Extent; stretch; expanse; hence application; influence; result; scope.; n.: An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river as from one turn to another; a level stretch as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land.; n.: An artifice to obtain an advantage.; n.: The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
Found on page(s): [10, 14, 17, 90]

arbitrament - arbitrament, Definition(s): n.: Determination; decision; arbitration.; n.: The award of arbitrators.
Found on page(s): [102]

LOST - LOST, Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [72]

lightly - lightly, Definition(s): adv.: With little weight; with little force; as to tread lightly; to press lightly.; adv.: Swiftly; nimbly; with agility.; adv.: Without deep impression.; adv.: In a small degree; slightly; not severely.; adv.: With little effort or difficulty; easily; readily.; adv.: Without reason or for reasons of little weight.; adv.: Commonly; usually.; adv.: Without dejection; cheerfully.; adv.: Without heed or care; with levity; gayly; airily.; adv.: Not chastely; wantonly.
Found on page(s): [4]

ransom. - ransom., Definition(s): n.: The release of a captive or of captured property by payment of a consideration; redemption; as prisoners hopeless of ransom.; n.: The money or price paid for the redemption of a prisoner or for goods captured by an enemy; payment for freedom from restraint penalty or forfeit.; n.: A sum paid for the pardon of some great offense and the discharge of the offender; also a fine paid in lieu of corporal punishment.; n.: To redeem from captivity servitude punishment or forfeit by paying a price; to buy out of servitude or penalty; to rescue; to deliver; as to ransom prisoners from an enemy.; n.: To exact a ransom for or a payment on.
Found on page(s): [38]

commencement - commencement, Definition(s): n.: The first existence of anything; act or fact of commencing; rise; origin; beginning; start.; n.: The day when degrees are conferred by colleges and universities upon students and others.
Found on page(s): [63]

travelled - travelled, Definition(s): : of Travel.
Found on page(s): [106]

Portico, - Portico,, Definition(s): n.: A colonnade or covered ambulatory especially in classical styles of architecture; usually a colonnade at the entrance of a building.
Found on page(s): [92]

tighter - tighter, Definition(s): n.: A ribbon or string used to draw clothes closer.
Found on page(s): [72]

sight - sight, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of seeing; perception of objects by the eye; view; as to gain sight of land.; v. t.: The power of seeing; the faculty of vision or of perceiving objects by the instrumentality of the eyes.; v. t.: The state of admitting unobstructed vision; visibility; open view; region which the eye at one time surveys; space through which the power of vision extends; as an object within sight.; v. t.: A spectacle; a view; a show; something worth seeing.; v. t.: The instrument of seeing; the eye.; v. t.: Inspection; examination; as a letter intended for the sight of only one person.; v. t.: Mental view; opinion; judgment; as in their sight it was harmless.; v. t.: A small aperture through which objects are to be seen and by which their direction is settled or ascertained; as the sight of a quadrant.; v. t.: A small piece of metal fixed or movable on the breech muzzle center or trunnion of a gun or on the breech and the muzzle of a rifle pistol etc. by means of which the eye is guided in aiming.; v. t.: In a drawing picture etc. that part of the surface as of paper or canvas which is within the frame or the border or margin. In a frame or the like the open space the opening.; v. t.: A great number quantity or sum; as a sight of money.; v. t.: To get sight of; to see; as to sight land; to sight a wreck.; v. t.: To look at through a sight; to see accurately; as to sight an object as a star.; v. t.: To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of; also to give the proper elevation and direction to by means of a sight; as to sight a rifle or a cannon.; v. i.: To take aim by a sight.
Found on page(s): [49, 58, 59, 90]

timber - timber, Definition(s): n.: A certain quantity of fur skins as of martens ermines sables etc. packed between boards; being in some cases forty skins in others one hundred and twenty; -- called also timmer.; n.: The crest on a coat of arms.; v. t.: To surmount as a timber does.; n.: That sort of wood which is proper for buildings or for tools utensils furniture carriages fences ships and the like; -- usually said of felled trees but sometimes of those standing. Cf. Lumber 3.; n.: The body stem or trunk of a tree.; n.: Fig.: Material for any structure.; n.: A single piece or squared stick of wood intended for building or already framed; collectively the larger pieces or sticks of wood forming the framework of a house ship or other structure in distinction from the covering or boarding.; n.: Woods or forest; wooden land.; n.: A rib or a curving piece of wood branching outward from the keel and bending upward in a vertical direction. One timber is composed of several pieces united.; v. t.: To furnish with timber; -- chiefly used in the past participle.; v. i.: To light on a tree.; v. i.: To make a nest.
Found on page(s): [80]

nobody - nobody, Definition(s): n.: No person; no one; not anybody.; n.: A person of no influence or importance; an insignificant or contemptible person.
Found on page(s): [36]

spectacle - spectacle, Definition(s): n.: Something exhibited to view; usually something presented to view as extraordinary or as unusual and worthy of special notice; a remarkable or noteworthy sight; a show; a pageant; a gazingstock.; n.: A spy-glass; a looking-glass.; n.: An optical instrument consisting of two lenses set in a light frame and worn to assist sight to obviate some defect in the organs of vision or to shield the eyes from bright light.; n.: Fig.: An aid to the intellectual sight.
Found on page(s): [20]

goal - goal, Definition(s): n.: The mark set to bound a race and to or around which the constestants run or from which they start to return to it again; the place at which a race or a journey is to end.; n.: The final purpose or aim; the end to which a design tends or which a person aims to reach or attain.; n.: A base station or bound used in various games; in football a line between two posts across which the ball must pass in order to score; also the act of kicking the ball over the line between the goal posts.
Found on page(s): [74]

downwards, - downwards,, Definition(s): adv.: From a higher place to a lower; in a descending course; as to tend move roll look or take root downward or downwards.; adv.: From a higher to a lower condition; toward misery humility disgrace or ruin.; adv.: From a remote time; from an ancestor or predecessor; from one to another in a descending line.
Found on page(s): [106]

rightly - rightly, Definition(s): adv.: Straightly; directly; in front.; adv.: According to justice; according to the divine will or moral rectitude; uprightly; as duty rightly performed.; adv.: Properly; fitly; suitably; appropriately.; adv.: According to truth or fact; correctly; not erroneously; exactly.
Found on page(s): [47]

idle, - idle,, Definition(s): superl.: Of no account; useless; vain; trifling; unprofitable; thoughtless; silly; barren.; superl.: Not called into active service; not turned to appropriate use; unemployed; as idle hours.; superl.: Not employed; unoccupied with business; inactive; doing nothing; as idle workmen.; superl.: Given rest and ease; averse to labor or employment; lazy; slothful; as an idle fellow.; superl.: Light-headed; foolish.; v. i.: To lose or spend time in inaction or without being employed in business.; v. t.: To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume; -- often followed by away; as to idle away an hour a day.
Found on page(s): [44]

sincere, - sincere,, Definition(s): superl.: Pure; unmixed; unadulterated.; superl.: Whole; perfect; unhurt; uninjured.; superl.: Being in reality what it appears to be; having a character which corresponds with the appearance; not falsely assumed; genuine; true; real; as a sincere desire for knowledge; a sincere contempt for meanness.; superl.: Honest; free from hypocrisy or dissimulation; as a sincere friend; a sincere person.
Found on page(s): [45]

tranquillity - tranquillity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being tranquil; calmness; composure.
Found on page(s): [12]

acquainted - acquainted, Definition(s): a.: Personally known; familiar. See To be acquainted with under Acquaint v. t.
Found on page(s): [6, 105]

abject, - abject,, Definition(s): a.: Cast down; low-lying.; a.: Sunk to a law condition; down in spirit or hope; degraded; servile; groveling; despicable; as abject posture fortune thoughts.; a.: To cast off or down; hence to abase; to degrade; to lower; to debase.; n.: A person in the lowest and most despicable condition; a castaway.
Found on page(s): [46]

insignificant - insignificant, Definition(s): a.: Not significant; void of signification sense or import; meaningless; as insignificant words.; a.: Having no weight or effect; answering no purpose; unimportant; valueless; futile.; a.: Without weight of character or social standing; mean; contemptible; as an insignificant person.
Found on page(s): [65]

unsuccessful - unsuccessful, Definition(s): a.: Not successful; not producing the desired event; not fortunate; meeting with or resulting in failure; unlucky; unhappy.
Found on page(s): [75]

rode - rode, Definition(s): n.: Redness; complexion.; : imp. of Ride.; n.: See Rood the cross.
Found on page(s): [25, 84, 92]

weak - weak, Definition(s): v. i.: Wanting physical strength.; v. i.: Deficient in strength of body; feeble; infirm; sickly; debilitated; enfeebled; exhausted.; v. i.: Not able to sustain a great weight pressure or strain; as a weak timber; a weak rope.; v. i.: Not firmly united or adhesive; easily broken or separated into pieces; not compact; as a weak ship.; v. i.: Not stiff; pliant; frail; soft; as the weak stalk of a plant.; v. i.: Not able to resist external force or onset; easily subdued or overcome; as a weak barrier; as a weak fortress.; v. i.: Lacking force of utterance or sound; not sonorous; low; small; feeble; faint.; v. i.: Not thoroughly or abundantly impregnated with the usual or required ingredients or with stimulating and nourishing substances; of less than the usual strength; as weak tea broth or liquor; a weak decoction or solution; a weak dose of medicine.; v. i.: Lacking ability for an appropriate function or office; as weak eyes; a weak stomach; a weak magistrate; a weak regiment or army.; v. i.: Not possessing or manifesting intellectual logical moral or political strength vigor etc.; v. i.: Feeble of mind; wanting discernment; lacking vigor; spiritless; as a weak king or magistrate.; v. i.: Resulting from or indicating lack of judgment discernment or firmness; unwise; hence foolish.; v. i.: Not having full confidence or conviction; not decided or confirmed; vacillating; wavering.; v. i.: Not able to withstand temptation urgency persuasion etc.; easily impressed moved or overcome; accessible; vulnerable; as weak resolutions; weak virtue.; v. i.: Wanting in power to influence or bind; as weak ties; a weak sense of honor of duty.; v. i.: Not having power to convince; not supported by force of reason or truth; unsustained; as a weak argument or case.; v. i.: Wanting in point or vigor of expression; as a weak sentence; a weak style.; v. i.: Not prevalent or effective or not felt to be prevalent; not potent; feeble.; v. i.: Lacking in elements of political strength; not wielding or having authority or energy; deficient in the resources that are essential to a ruler or nation; as a weak monarch; a weak government or state.; v. i.: Tending towards lower prices; as a weak market.; v. i.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) and past participle by adding to the present the suffix -ed -d or the variant form -t; as in the verbs abash abashed; abate abated; deny denied; feel felt. See Strong 19 (a).; v. i.: Pertaining to or designating a noun in Anglo-Saxon etc. the stem of which ends in -n. See Strong 19 (b).; a.: To make or become weak; to weaken.
Found on page(s): [8, 20, 32, 104]

agriculture, - agriculture,, Definition(s): n.: The art or science of cultivating the ground including the harvesting of crops and the rearing and management of live stock; tillage; husbandry; farming.
Found on page(s): [68]

seeing - seeing, Definition(s): conj. : but originally a present participle)) In view of the fact (that); considering; taking into account (that); insmuch as; since; because; -- followed by a dependent clause; as he did well seeing that he was so young.
Found on page(s): [1, 11, 26, 27, 28, 30, 32, 46, 55, 56, 87, 97, 101, 105, 106]

recall - recall, Definition(s): v. t.: To call back; to summon to return; as to recall troops; to recall an ambassador.; v. t.: To revoke; to annul by a subsequent act; to take back; to withdraw; as to recall words or a decree.; v. t.: To call back to mind; to revive in memory; to recollect; to remember; as to recall bygone days.; n.: A calling back; a revocation.; n.: A call on the trumpet bugle or drum by which soldiers are recalled from duty labor etc.
Found on page(s): [32, 35, 40, 56, 73, 77, 86]

informed - informed, Definition(s): a.: Unformed or ill-formed; deformed; shapeless.
Found on page(s): [87, 96]

dispute - dispute, Definition(s): v. i.: To contend in argument; to argue against something maintained upheld or claimed by another; to discuss; to reason; to debate; to altercate; to wrangle.; v. t.: To make a subject of disputation; to argue pro and con; to discuss.; v. t.: To oppose by argument or assertion; to attempt to overthrow; to controvert; to express dissent or opposition to; to call in question; to deny the truth or validity of; as to dispute assertions or arguments.; v. t.: To strive or contend about; to contest.; v. t.: To struggle against; to resist.; v. i.: Verbal controversy; contest by opposing argument or expression of opposing views or claims; controversial discussion; altercation; debate.; v. i.: Contest; struggle; quarrel.
Found on page(s): [107]

Caesar, - Caesar,, Definition(s): n.: A Roman emperor as being the successor of Augustus Caesar. Hence a kaiser or emperor of Germany or any emperor or powerful ruler. See Kaiser Kesar.
Found on page(s): [47]

observation - observation, Definition(s): n.: The act or the faculty of observing or taking notice; the act of seeing or of fixing the mind upon anything.; n.: The result of an act or of acts of observing; view; reflection; conclusion; judgment.; n.: Hence: An expression of an opinion or judgment upon what one has observed; a remark.; n.: Performance of what is prescribed; adherence in practice; observance.; n.: The act of recognizing and noting some fact or occurrence in nature as an aurora a corona or the structure of an animal.; n.: Specifically the act of measuring with suitable instruments some magnitude as the time of an occultation with a clock; the right ascension of a star with a transit instrument and clock; the sun's altitude or the distance of the moon from a star with a sextant; the temperature with a thermometer etc.; n.: The information so acquired.
Found on page(s): [43]

engaged, - engaged,, Definition(s): a.: Occupied; employed; busy.; a.: Pledged; promised; especially having the affections pledged; promised in marriage; affianced; betrothed.; a.: Greatly interested; of awakened zeal; earnest.; a.: Involved; esp. involved in a hostile encounter; as the engaged ships continued the fight.
Found on page(s): [90, 97]

tired - tired, Definition(s): a.: Weary; fatigued; exhausted.
Found on page(s): [101]

nature. - nature., Definition(s): n.: The existing system of things; the world of matter or of matter and mind; the creation; the universe.; n.: The personified sum and order of causes and effects; the powers which produce existing phenomena whether in the total or in detail; the agencies which carry on the processes of creation or of being; -- often conceived of as a single and separate entity embodying the total of all finite agencies and forces as disconnected from a creating or ordering intelligence.; n.: The established or regular course of things; usual order of events; connection of cause and effect.; n.: Conformity to that which is natural as distinguished from that which is artifical or forced or remote from actual experience.; n.: The sum of qualities and attributes which make a person or thing what it is as distinct from others; native character; inherent or essential qualities or attributes; peculiar constitution or quality of being.; n.: Hence: Kind sort; character; quality.; n.: Physical constitution or existence; the vital powers; the natural life.; n.: Natural affection or reverence.; n.: Constitution or quality of mind or character.; v. t.: To endow with natural qualities.
Found on page(s): [50]

suggest - suggest, Definition(s): v. t.: To introduce indirectly to the thoughts; to cause to be thought of usually by the agency of other objects.; v. t.: To propose with difference or modesty; to hint; to intimate; as to suggest a difficulty.; v. t.: To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt.; v. t.: To inform secretly.; v. i.: To make suggestions; to tempt.
Found on page(s): [107]

lead - lead, Definition(s): n.: One of the elements a heavy pliable inelastic metal having a bright bluish color but easily tarnished. It is both malleable and ductile though with little tenacity and is used for tubes sheets bullets etc. Its specific gravity is 11.37. It is easily fusible forms alloys with other metals and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic weight 206.4. Symbol Pb (L. Plumbum). It is chiefly obtained from the mineral galena lead sulphide.; n.: A plummet or mass of lead used in sounding at sea.; n.: A thin strip of type metal used to separate lines of type in printing.; n.: Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs; hence pl. a roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.; n.: A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago used in pencils.; v. t.: To cover fill or affect with lead; as continuous firing leads the grooves of a rifle.; v. t.: To place leads between the lines of; as to lead a page; leaded matter.; v. t.: To guide or conduct with the hand or by means of some physical contact connection; as a father leads a child; a jockey leads a horse with a halter; a dog leads a blind man.; v. t.: To guide or conduct in a certain course or to a certain place or end by making the way known; to show the way esp. by going with or going in advance of. Hence figuratively: To direct; to counsel; to instruct; as to lead a traveler; to lead a pupil.; v. t.: To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; as to lead an army an exploring party or a search; to lead a political party.; v. t.: To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence to be foremost or chief among; as the big sloop led the fleet of yachts; the Guards led the attack; Demosthenes leads the orators of all ages.; v. t.: To draw or direct by influence whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure; as to lead one to espouse a righteous cause.; v. t.: To guide or conduct one's self in through or along (a certain course); hence to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).; v. t.: To begin a game round or trick with; as to lead trumps; the double five was led.; v. i.: To guide or conduct as by accompanying going before showing influencing directing with authority etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; -- used in most of the senses of lead v. t.; v. t.: To tend or reach in a certain direction or to a certain place; as the path leads to the mill; gambling leads to other vices.; n.: The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction; as to take the lead; to be under the lead of another.; n.: precedence; advance position; also the measure of precedence; as the white horse had the lead; a lead of a boat's length or of half a second.; n.: The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit or piece so played; as your partner has the lead.; n.: An open way in an ice field.; n.: A lode.; n.: The course of a rope from end to end.; n.: The width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve for the admission or release of steam at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.; n.: the distance of haul as from a cutting to an embankment.; n.: The action of a tooth as a tooth of a wheel in impelling another tooth or a pallet.
Found on page(s): [15, 43, 74]

token - token, Definition(s): n.: Something intended or supposed to represent or indicate another thing or an event; a sign; a symbol; as the rainbow is a token of God's covenant established with Noah.; n.: A memorial of friendship; something by which the friendship of another person is to be kept in mind; a memento; a souvenir.; n.: Something given or shown as a symbol or guarantee of authority or right; a sign of authenticity of power good faith etc.; n.: A piece of metal intended for currency and issued by a private party usually bearing the name of the issuer and redeemable in lawful money. Also a coin issued by government esp. when its use as lawful money is limited and its intrinsic value is much below its nominal value.; n.: A livid spot upon the body indicating or supposed to indicate the approach of death.; n.: Ten and a half quires or commonly 250 sheets of paper printed on both sides; also in some cases the same number of sheets printed on one side or half the number printed on both sides.; n.: A piece of metal given beforehand to each person in the congregation who is permitted to partake of the Lord's Supper.; n.: A bit of leather having a peculiar mark designating a particular miner. Each hewer sends one of these with each corf or tub he has hewn.; n.: To betoken.
Found on page(s): [28]

heavy, - heavy,, Definition(s): a.: Having the heaves.; superl.: Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as a heavy stone; hence sometimes large in extent quantity or effects; as a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business transactions etc.; often implying strength; as a heavy barrier; also difficult to move; as a heavy draught.; superl.: Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or accomplish; hence grievous afflictive; as heavy yokes expenses undertakings trials news etc.; superl.: Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down either with an actual burden or with care grief pain disappointment.; superl.: Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless dull inanimate stupid; as a heavy gait looks manners style and the like; a heavy writer or book.; superl.: Strong; violent; forcible; as a heavy sea storm cannonade and the like.; superl.: Loud; deep; -- said of sound; as heavy thunder.; superl.: Dark with clouds or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky.; superl.: Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth; as a heavy road soil and the like.; superl.: Not raised or made light; as heavy bread.; superl.: Not agreeable to or suitable for the stomach; not easily digested; -- said of food.; superl.: Having much body or strength; -- said of wines or other liquors.; superl.: With child; pregnant.; adv.: Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition; as heavy-laden.; v. t.: To make heavy.
Found on page(s): [91]

expect - expect, Definition(s): v. t.: To wait for; to await.; v. t.: To look for (mentally); to look forward to as to something that is believed to be about to happen or come; to have a previous apprehension of whether of good or evil; to look for with some confidence; to anticipate; -- often followed by an infinitive sometimes by a clause (with or without that); as I expect to receive wages; I expect that the troops will be defeated.; v. t.: To wait; to stay.; n.: Expectation.
Found on page(s): [3, 11, 13, 17, 28, 44, 67]

Caesar; - Caesar;, Definition(s): n.: A Roman emperor as being the successor of Augustus Caesar. Hence a kaiser or emperor of Germany or any emperor or powerful ruler. See Kaiser Kesar.
Found on page(s): [59]

chance, - chance,, Definition(s): n.: A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force law or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified.; n.: The operation or activity of such agent.; n.: The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty.; n.: A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him.; n.: Probability.; v. i.: To happen come or arrive without design or expectation.; v. t.: To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object.; v. t.: To befall; to happen to.; a.: Happening by chance; casual.; adv.: By chance; perchance.
Found on page(s): [36]

Sometimes - Sometimes, Definition(s): adv.: Formerly; sometime.; adv.: At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally.; a.: Former; sometime.
Found on page(s): [73]

namely, - namely,, Definition(s): adv.: By name; by particular mention; specifically; especially; expressly.; adv.: That is to say; to wit; videlicet; -- introducing a particular or specific designation.
Found on page(s): [19, 74]

preservation; - preservation;, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of preserving or keeping safe; the state of being preserved or kept from injury destruction or decay; security; safety; as preservation of life fruit game etc.; a picture in good preservation.
Found on page(s): [44]

amazement. - amazement., Definition(s): n.: The condition of being amazed; bewilderment [Obs.]; overwhelming wonder as from surprise sudden fear horror or admiration.; n.: Frenzy; madness.
Found on page(s): [84]

successor, - successor,, Definition(s): n.: One who succeeds or follows; one who takes the place which another has left and sustains the like part or character; -- correlative to predecessor; as the successor of a deceased king.
Found on page(s): [104]

passage - passage, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of passing; transit from one place to another; movement from point to point; a going by over across or through; as the passage of a man or a carriage; the passage of a ship or a bird; the passage of light; the passage of fluids through the pores or channels of the body.; v. i.: Transit by means of conveyance; journey as by water carriage car or the like; travel; right liberty or means of passing; conveyance.; v. i.: Price paid for the liberty to pass; fare; as to pay one's passage.; v. i.: Removal from life; decease; departure; death.; v. i.: Way; road; path; channel or course through or by which one passes; way of exit or entrance; way of access or transit. Hence a common avenue to various apartments in a building; a hall; a corridor.; v. i.: A continuous course process or progress; a connected or continuous series; as the passage of time.; v. i.: A separate part of a course process or series; an occurrence; an incident; an act or deed.; v. i.: A particular portion constituting a part of something continuous; esp. a portion of a book speech or musical composition; a paragraph; a clause.; v. i.: Reception; currency.; v. i.: A pass or en encounter; as a passage at arms.; v. i.: A movement or an evacuation of the bowels.; v. i.: In parliamentary proceedings: (a) The course of a proposition (bill resolution etc.) through the several stages of consideration and action; as during its passage through Congress the bill was amended in both Houses. (b) The advancement of a bill or other proposition from one stage to another by an affirmative vote; esp. the final affirmative action of the body upon a proposition; hence adoption; enactment; as the passage of the bill to its third reading was delayed.
Found on page(s): [51, 52, 90, 100]

uniformity - uniformity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being uniform; freedom from variation or difference; resemblance to itself at all times; sameness of action effect etc. under like conditions; even tenor; as the uniformity of design in a poem; the uniformity of nature.; n.: Consistency; sameness; as the uniformity of a man's opinions.; n.: Similitude between the parts of a whole; as the uniformity of sides in a regular figure; beauty is said to consist in uniformity with variety.; n.: Continued or unvaried sameness or likeness.; n.: Conformity to a pattern or rule; resemblance consonance or agreement; as the uniformity of different churches in ceremonies or rites.
Found on page(s): [13]

boldness, - boldness,, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being bold.
Found on page(s): [56]

Eleventh,(+) - Eleventh,(+), Definition(s): a.: Next after the tenth; as the eleventh chapter.; a.: Constituting one of eleven parts into which a thing is divided; as the eleventh part of a thing.; a.: Of or pertaining to the interval of the octave and the fourth.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by eleven; one of eleven equal parts.; n.: The interval consisting of ten conjunct degrees; the interval made up of an octave and a fourth.
Found on page(s): [40]

begun - begun, Definition(s): : of Begin.; : p. p. of Begin.
Found on page(s): [49]

instance, - instance,, Definition(s): n.: The act or quality of being instant or pressing; urgency; solicitation; application; suggestion; motion.; n.: That which is instant or urgent; motive.; n.: Occasion; order of occurrence.; n.: That which offers itself or is offered as an illustrative case; something cited in proof or exemplification; a case occurring; an example.; n.: A token; a sign; a symptom or indication.; v. t.: To mention as a case or example; to refer to; to cite; as to instance a fact.; v. i.: To give an example.
Found on page(s): [43]

trial; - trial;, Definition(s): n.: The act of trying or testing in any manner.; n.: Any effort or exertion of strength for the purpose of ascertaining what can be done or effected.; n.: The act of testing by experience; proof; test.; n.: Examination by a test; experiment as in chemistry metallurgy etc.; n.: The state of being tried or tempted; exposure to suffering that tests strength patience faith or the like; affliction or temptation that exercises and proves the graces or virtues of men.; n.: That which tries or afflicts; that which harasses; that which tries the character or principles; that which tempts to evil; as his child's conduct was a sore trial.; n.: The formal examination of the matter in issue in a cause before a competent tribunal; the mode of determining a question of fact in a court of law; the examination in legal form of the facts in issue in a cause pending before a competent tribunal for the purpose of determining such issue.
Found on page(s): [66]

piazza - piazza, Definition(s): n.: An open square in a European town especially an Italian town; hence (Arch.) an arcaded and roofed gallery; a portico. In the United States the word is popularly applied to a veranda.
Found on page(s): [20]

tremendous - tremendous, Definition(s): a.: Fitted to excite fear or terror; such as may astonish or terrify by its magnitude force or violence; terrible; dreadful; as a tremendous wind; a tremendous shower; a tremendous shock or fall.
Found on page(s): [100]

covetous, - covetous,, Definition(s): v. t.: Very desirous; eager to obtain; -- used in a good sense.; v. t.: Inordinately desirous; excessively eager to obtain and possess (esp. money); avaricious; -- in a bad sense.
Found on page(s): [48]

utterly - utterly, Definition(s): adv.: In an utter manner; to the full extent; fully; totally; as utterly ruined; it is utterly vain.
Found on page(s): [61, 101, 103]

Sixth, - Sixth,, Definition(s): a.: First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth.; a.: Constituting or being one of six equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by six; one of six equal parts which form a whole.; n.: The next in order after the fifth.; n.: The interval embracing six diatonic degrees of the scale.
Found on page(s): [18, 24]

plain - plain, Definition(s): v. i.: To lament; to bewail; to complain.; v. t.: To lament; to mourn over; as to plain a loss.; superl.: Without elevations or depressions; flat; level; smooth; even. See Plane.; superl.: Open; clear; unencumbered; equal; fair.; superl.: Not intricate or difficult; evident; manifest; obvious; clear; unmistakable.; superl.: Void of extraneous beauty or ornament; without conspicious embellishment; not rich; simple.; superl.: Not highly cultivated; unsophisticated; free from show or pretension; simple; natural; homely; common.; superl.: Free from affectation or disguise; candid; sincere; artless; honest; frank.; superl.: Not luxurious; not highly seasoned; simple; as plain food.; superl.: Without beauty; not handsome; homely; as a plain woman.; superl.: Not variegated dyed or figured; as plain muslin.; superl.: Not much varied by modulations; as a plain tune.; adv.: In a plain manner; plainly.; a.: Level land; usually an open field or a broad stretch of land with an even surface or a surface little varied by inequalities; as the plain of Jordan; the American plains or prairies.; a.: A field of battle.; v.: To plane or level; to make plain or even on the surface.; v.: To make plain or manifest; to explain.
Found on page(s): [1, 89, 98]

divers - divers, Definition(s): a.: Different in kind or species; diverse.; a.: Several; sundry; various; more than one but not a great number; as divers philosophers. Also used substantively or pronominally.
Found on page(s): [8]

Endless - Endless, Definition(s): a.: Without end; having no end or conclusion; perpetual; interminable; -- applied to length and to duration; as an endless line; endless time; endless bliss; endless praise; endless clamor.; a.: Infinite; excessive; unlimited.; a.: Without profitable end; fruitless; unsatisfying.; a.: Void of design; objectless; as an endless pursuit.
Found on page(s): [55]

bloodshed, - bloodshed,, Definition(s): n.: The shedding or spilling of blood; slaughter; the act of shedding human blood or taking life as in war riot or murder.
Found on page(s): [63]

alarmed - alarmed, Definition(s): a.: Aroused to vigilance; excited by fear of approaching danger; agitated; disturbed; as an alarmed neighborhood; an alarmed modesty.
Found on page(s): [100]

opportunity; - opportunity;, Definition(s): n.: Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance.; n.: Convenience of situation; fitness.; n.: Importunity; earnestness.
Found on page(s): [16, 27, 89]

towards - towards, Definition(s): prep.: In the direction of; to.; prep.: With direction to in a moral sense; with respect or reference to; regarding; concerning.; prep.: Tending to; in the direction of; in behalf of.; prep.: Near; about; approaching to.; adv.: Near; at hand; in state of preparation.; prep. & adv.: See Toward.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 21, 44, 46, 56, 64, 70, 83, 84, 86, 97, 98]

constrain - constrain, Definition(s): v. t.: To secure by bonds; to chain; to bond or confine; to hold tightly; to constringe.; v. t.: To bring into a narrow compass; to compress.; v. t.: To hold back by force; to restrain; to repress.; v. t.: To compel; to force; to necessitate; to oblige.; v. t.: To violate; to ravish.; v. t.: To produce in such a manner as to give an unnatural effect; as a constrained voice.
Found on page(s): [74]

violent, - violent,, Definition(s): a.: Moving or acting with physical strength; urged or impelled with force; excited by strong feeling or passion; forcible; vehement; impetuous; fierce; furious; severe; as a violent blow; the violent attack of a disease.; a.: Acting characterized or produced by unjust or improper force; outrageous; unauthorized; as a violent attack on the right of free speech.; a.: Produced or effected by force; not spontaneous; unnatural; abnormal.; n.: An assailant.; v. t.: To urge with violence.; v. i.: To be violent; to act violently.
Found on page(s): [76]

testimony - testimony, Definition(s): n.: A solemn declaration or affirmation made for the purpose of establishing or proving some fact.; n.: Affirmation; declaration; as these doctrines are supported by the uniform testimony of the fathers; the belief of past facts must depend on the evidence of human testimony or the testimony of historians.; n.: Open attestation; profession.; n.: Witness; evidence; proof of some fact.; n.: The two tables of the law.; n.: Hence the whole divine revelation; the sacre/ Scriptures.; v. t.: To witness; to attest; to prove by testimony.
Found on page(s): [1, 107]

non-observance. - non-observance., Definition(s): n.: Neglect or failure to observe or fulfill.
Found on page(s): [51]

safe - safe, Definition(s): superl.: Free from harm injury or risk; untouched or unthreatened by danger or injury; unharmed; unhurt; secure; whole; as safe from disease; safe from storms; safe from foes.; superl.: Conferring safety; securing from harm; not exposing to danger; confining securely; to be relied upon; not dangerous; as a safe harbor; a safe bridge etc.; superl.: Incapable of doing harm; no longer dangerous; in secure care or custody; as the prisoner is safe.; n.: A place for keeping things in safety.; n.: A strong and fireproof receptacle (as a movable chest of steel etc. or a closet or vault of brickwork) for containing money valuable papers or the like.; n.: A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects.; v. t.: To render safe; to make right.
Found on page(s): [13, 67, 95]

departure - departure, Definition(s): n.: Division; separation; putting away.; n.: Separation or removal from a place; the act or process of departing or going away.; n.: Removal from the present life; death; decease.; n.: Deviation or abandonment as from or of a rule or course of action a plan or a purpose.; n.: The desertion by a party to any pleading of the ground taken by him in his last antecedent pleading and the adoption of another.; n.: The distance due east or west which a person or ship passes over in going along an oblique line.
Found on page(s): [83, 92]

herself - herself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person feminine pronoun; -- used as a subject with she; as she herself will bear the blame; also used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is herself; she blames herself.; pron.: Her own proper true or real character; hence her right or sane mind; as the woman was deranged but she is now herself again; she has come to herself.
Found on page(s): [36, 75]

ease. - ease., Definition(s): n.: Satisfaction; pleasure; hence accommodation; entertainment.; n.: Freedom from anything that pains or troubles; as: (a) Relief from labor or effort; rest; quiet; relaxation; as ease of body.; n.: Freedom from care solicitude or anything that annoys or disquiets; tranquillity; peace; comfort; security; as ease of mind.; n.: Freedom from constraint formality difficulty embarrassment etc.; facility; liberty; naturalness; -- said of manner style etc.; as ease of style of behavior of address.; n.: To free from anything that pains disquiets or oppresses; to relieve from toil or care; to give rest repose or tranquility to; -- often with of; as to ease of pain; ease the body or mind.; n.: To render less painful or oppressive; to mitigate; to alleviate.; n.: To release from pressure or restraint; to move gently; to lift slightly; to shift a little; as to ease a bar or nut in machinery.; n.: To entertain; to furnish with accommodations.
Found on page(s): [15]

secretive - secretive, Definition(s): a.: Tending to secrete or to keep secret or private; as a secretive disposition.
Found on page(s): [70]

stout - stout, Definition(s): superl.: Strong; lusty; vigorous; robust; sinewy; muscular; hence firm; resolute; dauntless.; superl.: Proud; haughty; arrogant; hard.; superl.: Firm; tough; materially strong; enduring; as a stout vessel stick string or cloth.; superl.: Large; bulky; corpulent.; n.: A strong malt liquor; strong porter.
Found on page(s): [98]

distinct - distinct, Definition(s): a.: Distinguished; having the difference marked; separated by a visible sign; marked out; specified.; a.: Marked; variegated.; a.: Separate in place; not conjunct; not united by growth or otherwise; -- with from.; a.: Not identical; different; individual.; a.: So separated as not to be confounded with any other thing; not liable to be misunderstood; not confused; well-defined; clear; as we have a distinct or indistinct view of a prospect.; v. t.: To distinguish.
Found on page(s): [27]

fled - fled, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Flee.
Found on page(s): [82, 91, 101]

gracious, - gracious,, Definition(s): a.: Abounding in grace or mercy; manifesting love. or bestowing mercy; characterized by grace; beneficent; merciful; disposed to show kindness or favor; condescending; as his most gracious majesty.; a.: Abounding in beauty loveliness or amiability; graceful; excellent.; a.: Produced by divine grace; influenced or controlled by the divine influence; as gracious affections.
Found on page(s): [22]

aware - aware, Definition(s): a.: Watchful; vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.; a.: Apprised; informed; cognizant; conscious; as he was aware of the enemy's designs.
Found on page(s): [21, 97]

hair - hair, Definition(s): n.: The collection or mass of filaments growing from the skin of an animal and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole of the body.; n.: One the above-mentioned filaments consisting in invertebrate animals of a long tubular part which is free and flexible and a bulbous root imbedded in the skin.; n.: Hair (human or animal) used for various purposes; as hair for stuffing cushions.; n.: A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects spiders crustaceans and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure composition and mode of growth.; n.: An outgrowth of the epidermis consisting of one or of several cells whether pointed hooked knobbed or stellated. Internal hairs occur in the flower stalk of the yellow frog lily (Nuphar).; n.: A spring device used in a hair-trigger firearm.; n.: A haircloth.; n.: Any very small distance or degree; a hairbreadth.
Found on page(s): [104]

cap - cap, Definition(s): n.: One of lace muslin etc.; n.: One used as the mark or ensign of some rank office or dignity as that of a cardinal.; n.: The top or uppermost part; the chief.; n.: A respectful uncovering of the head.; n.: The whole top of the head of a bird from the base of the bill to the nape of the neck.; n.: The uppermost of any assemblage of parts; as the cap of column door etc.; a capital coping cornice lintel or plate.; n.: Something covering the top or end of a thing for protection or ornament.; n.: A collar of iron or wood used in joining spars as the mast and the topmast the bowsprit and the jib boom; also a covering of tarred canvas at the end of a rope.; n.: A percussion cap. See under Percussion.; n.: The removable cover of a journal box.; n.: A portion of a spherical or other convex surface.; n.: A large size of writing paper; as flat cap; foolscap; legal cap.; v. t.: To cover with a cap or as with a cap; to provide with a cap or cover; to cover the top or end of; to place a cap upon the proper part of; as to cap a post; to cap a gun.; v. t.: To deprive of cap.; v. t.: To complete; to crown; to bring to the highest point or consummation; as to cap the climax of absurdity.; v. t.: To salute by removing the cap.; v. t.: To match; to mate in contest; to furnish a complement to; as to cap text; to cap proverbs.; v. i.: To uncover the head respectfully.
Found on page(s): [10]

securely - securely, Definition(s): adv.: In a secure manner; without fear or apprehension; without danger; safely.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 12, 19, 62]

marriage - marriage, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of marrying or the state of being married; legal union of a man and a woman for life as husband and wife; wedlock; matrimony.; v. t.: The marriage vow or contract.; v. t.: A feast made on the occasion of a marriage.; v. t.: Any intimate or close union.
Found on page(s): [19]

ready - ready, Definition(s): superl.: Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey.; superl.: Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished.; superl.: Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed.; superl.: Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman.; superl.: Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy.; superl.: On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive.; superl.: A word of command or a position in the manual of arms at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command which is aim.; adv.: In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay.; n.: Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as he was well supplied with the ready.; v. t.: To dispose in order.
Found on page(s): [31, 34, 39, 42, 47, 52, 76, 95, 96, 104]

opportunity, - opportunity,, Definition(s): n.: Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance.; n.: Convenience of situation; fitness.; n.: Importunity; earnestness.
Found on page(s): [15, 62, 63, 66, 79, 80, 94]

opportunity. - opportunity., Definition(s): n.: Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance.; n.: Convenience of situation; fitness.; n.: Importunity; earnestness.
Found on page(s): [12, 81]

village - village, Definition(s): n.: A small assemblage of houses in the country less than a town or city.
Found on page(s): [37]

illustrious - illustrious, Definition(s): a.: Possessing luster or brightness; brilliant; luminous; splendid.; a.: Characterized by greatness nobleness etc.; eminent; conspicuous; distinguished.; a.: Conferring luster or honor; renowned; as illustrious deeds or titles.
Found on page(s): [44, 77, 78, 79]

dangerous; - dangerous;, Definition(s): a.: Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe.; a.: Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.; a.: In a condition of danger as from illness; threatened with death.; a.: Hard to suit; difficult to please.; a.: Reserved; not affable.
Found on page(s): [34, 40]

motion - motion, Definition(s): n.: The act process or state of changing place or position; movement; the passing of a body from one place or position to another whether voluntary or involuntary; -- opposed to rest.; n.: Power of or capacity for motion.; n.: Direction of movement; course; tendency; as the motion of the planets is from west to east.; n.: Change in the relative position of the parts of anything; action of a machine with respect to the relative movement of its parts.; n.: Movement of the mind desires or passions; mental act or impulse to any action; internal activity.; n.: A proposal or suggestion looking to action or progress; esp. a formal proposal made in a deliberative assembly; as a motion to adjourn.; n.: An application made to a court or judge orally in open court. Its object is to obtain an order or rule directing some act to be done in favor of the applicant.; n.: Change of pitch in successive sounds whether in the same part or in groups of parts.; n.: A puppet show or puppet.; v. i.: To make a significant movement or gesture as with the hand; as to motion to one to take a seat.; v. i.: To make proposal; to offer plans.; v. t.: To direct or invite by a motion as of the hand or head; as to motion one to a seat.; v. t.: To propose; to move.
Found on page(s): [99]

satisfy - satisfy, Definition(s): a.: In general to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a thing); hence to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to supply to the full or so far as to give contentment with what is wished for.; a.: To pay to the extent of claims or deserts; to give what is due to; as to satisfy a creditor.; a.: To answer or discharge as a claim debt legal demand or the like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requite; as to satisfy a claim or an execution.; a.: To free from doubt suspense or uncertainty; to give assurance to; to set at rest the mind of; to convince; as to satisfy one's self by inquiry.; v. i.: To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to be desired.; v. i.: To make payment or atonement; to atone.
Found on page(s): [4, 12, 27, 58, 60, 64]

forced, - forced,, Definition(s): a.: Done or produced with force or great labor or by extraordinary exertion; hurried; strained; produced by unnatural effort or pressure; as a forced style; a forced laugh.
Found on page(s): [52]

distracted - distracted, Definition(s): a.: Mentally disordered; unsettled; mad.
Found on page(s): [62, 63]

hail - hail, Definition(s): n.: Small roundish masses of ice precipitated from the clouds where they are formed by the congelation of vapor. The separate masses or grains are called hailstones.; v. i.: To pour down particles of ice or frozen vapors.; v. t.: To pour forcibly down as hail.; a.: Healthy. See Hale (the preferable spelling).; v. t.: To call loudly to or after; to accost; to salute; to address.; v. t.: To name; to designate; to call.; v. i.: To declare by hailing the port from which a vessel sails or where she is registered; hence to sail; to come; -- used with from; as the steamer hails from New York.; v. i.: To report as one's home or the place from whence one comes; to come; -- with from.; v. t.: An exclamation of respectful or reverent salutation or occasionally of familiar greeting.; n.: A wish of health; a salutation; a loud call.
Found on page(s): [103]

Carthaginian, - Carthaginian,, Definition(s): a.: Of a pertaining to ancient Carthage a city of northern Africa.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Carthage.
Found on page(s): [24]

dangerous. - dangerous., Definition(s): a.: Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe.; a.: Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.; a.: In a condition of danger as from illness; threatened with death.; a.: Hard to suit; difficult to please.; a.: Reserved; not affable.
Found on page(s): [74]

rank, - rank,, Definition(s): superl.: Luxuriant in growth; of vigorous growth; exuberant; grown to immoderate height; as rank grass; rank weeds.; superl.: Raised to a high degree; violent; extreme; gross; utter; as rank heresy.; superl.: Causing vigorous growth; producing luxuriantly; very rich and fertile; as rank land.; superl.: Strong-scented; rancid; musty; as oil of a rank smell; rank-smelling rue.; superl.: Strong to the taste.; superl.: Inflamed with venereal appetite.; adv.: Rankly; stoutly; violently.; n. & v.: A row or line; a range; an order; a tier; as a rank of osiers.; n. & v.: A line of soldiers ranged side by side; -- opposed to file. See 1st File 1 (a).; n. & v.: Grade of official standing as in the army navy or nobility; as the rank of general; the rank of admiral.; n. & v.: An aggregate of individuals classed together; a permanent social class; an order; a division; as ranks and orders of men; the highest and the lowest ranks of men or of other intelligent beings.; n. & v.: Degree of dignity eminence or excellence; position in civil or social life; station; degree; grade; as a writer of the first rank; a lawyer of high rank.; n. & v.: Elevated grade or standing; high degree; high social position; distinction; eminence; as a man of rank.; v. t.: To place abreast or in a line.; v. t.: To range in a particular class order or division; to class; also to dispose methodically; to place in suitable classes or order; to classify.; v. t.: To take rank of; to outrank.; v. i.: To be ranged; to be set or disposed as in a particular degree class order or division.; v. i.: To have a certain grade or degree of elevation in the orders of civil or military life; to have a certain degree of esteem or consideration; as he ranks with the first class of poets; he ranks high in public estimation.
Found on page(s): [19, 68, 69]

rank. - rank., Definition(s): superl.: Luxuriant in growth; of vigorous growth; exuberant; grown to immoderate height; as rank grass; rank weeds.; superl.: Raised to a high degree; violent; extreme; gross; utter; as rank heresy.; superl.: Causing vigorous growth; producing luxuriantly; very rich and fertile; as rank land.; superl.: Strong-scented; rancid; musty; as oil of a rank smell; rank-smelling rue.; superl.: Strong to the taste.; superl.: Inflamed with venereal appetite.; adv.: Rankly; stoutly; violently.; n. & v.: A row or line; a range; an order; a tier; as a rank of osiers.; n. & v.: A line of soldiers ranged side by side; -- opposed to file. See 1st File 1 (a).; n. & v.: Grade of official standing as in the army navy or nobility; as the rank of general; the rank of admiral.; n. & v.: An aggregate of individuals classed together; a permanent social class; an order; a division; as ranks and orders of men; the highest and the lowest ranks of men or of other intelligent beings.; n. & v.: Degree of dignity eminence or excellence; position in civil or social life; station; degree; grade; as a writer of the first rank; a lawyer of high rank.; n. & v.: Elevated grade or standing; high degree; high social position; distinction; eminence; as a man of rank.; v. t.: To place abreast or in a line.; v. t.: To range in a particular class order or division; to class; also to dispose methodically; to place in suitable classes or order; to classify.; v. t.: To take rank of; to outrank.; v. i.: To be ranged; to be set or disposed as in a particular degree class order or division.; v. i.: To have a certain grade or degree of elevation in the orders of civil or military life; to have a certain degree of esteem or consideration; as he ranks with the first class of poets; he ranks high in public estimation.
Found on page(s): [42]

dangerous, - dangerous,, Definition(s): a.: Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe.; a.: Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.; a.: In a condition of danger as from illness; threatened with death.; a.: Hard to suit; difficult to please.; a.: Reserved; not affable.
Found on page(s): [29, 40, 46, 106]

