Word Definition & Page Index
-----------------------------------------------------------------
german - german, Definition(s): a.: Nearly related; closely akin.; n.: A native or one of the people of Germany.; n.: The German language.; n.: A round dance often with a waltz movement abounding in capriciosly involved figures.; n.: A social party at which the german is danced.; n.: Of or pertaining to Germany.
Found on page(s): [29]

exceeding - exceeding, Definition(s): a.: More than usual; extraordinary; more than sufficient; measureless.; adv.: In a very great degree; extremely; exceedingly.
Found on page(s): [51, 55]

numerous - numerous, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of a great number of units or individual objects; being many; as a numerous army.; a.: Consisting of poetic numbers; rhythmical; measured and counted; melodious; musical.
Found on page(s): [42]

spoke - spoke, Definition(s): : of Speak.; : imp. of Speak.; n.: The radius or ray of a wheel; one of the small bars which are inserted in the hub or nave and which serve to support the rim or felly.; n.: A projecting handle of a steering wheel.; n.: A rung or round of a ladder.; n.: A contrivance for fastening the wheel of a vehicle to prevent it from turning in going down a hill.; v. t.: To furnish with spokes as a wheel.
Found on page(s): [52]

minstrel - minstrel, Definition(s): n.: In the Middle Ages one of an order of men who subsisted by the arts of poetry and music and sang verses to the accompaniment of a harp or other instrument; in modern times a poet; a bard; a singer and harper; a musician.
Found on page(s): [53]

resemble - resemble, Definition(s): v. t.: To be like or similar to; to bear the similitude of either in appearance or qualities; as these brothers resemble each other.; v. t.: To liken; to compare; to represent as like.; v. t.: To counterfeit; to imitate.; v. t.: To cause to imitate or be like.
Found on page(s): [4, 26]

remote - remote, Definition(s): superl.: Removed to a distance; not near; far away; distant; -- said in respect to time or to place; as remote ages; remote lands.; superl.: Hence removed; not agreeing according or being related; -- in various figurative uses.; superl.: Not agreeing; alien; foreign.; superl.: Not nearly related; not close; as a remote connection or consanguinity.; superl.: Separate; abstracted.; superl.: Not proximate or acting directly; primary; distant.; superl.: Not obvious or sriking; as a remote resemblance.; superl.: Separated by intervals greater than usual.
Found on page(s): [7, 12, 42]

pretend - pretend, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim.; v. t.: To hold before or put forward as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden.; v. t.: To hold out or represent falsely; to put forward or offer as true or real (something untrue or unreal); to show hypocritically or for the purpose of deceiving; to simulate; to feign; as to pretend friendship.; v. t.: To intend; to design; to plot; to attempt.; v. t.: To hold before one; to extend.; v. i.: To put in or make a claim truly or falsely; to allege a title; to lay claim to or strive after something; -- usually with to.; v. i.: To hold out the appearance of being possessing or performing; to profess; to make believe; to feign; to sham; as to pretend to be asleep.
Found on page(s): [21]

involuntary - involuntary, Definition(s): a.: Not having will or the power of choice.; a.: Not under the influence or control of the will; not voluntary; as the involuntary movements of the body; involuntary muscle fibers.; a.: Not proceeding from choice; done unwillingly; reluctant; compulsory; as involuntary submission.
Found on page(s): [54]

imperfect - imperfect, Definition(s): a.: Not perfect; not complete in all its parts; wanting a part; deective; deficient.; a.: Wanting in some elementary organ that is essential to successful or normal activity.; a.: Not fulfilling its design; not realizing an ideal; not conformed to a standard or rule; not satisfying the taste or conscience; esthetically or morally defective.; n.: The imperfect tense; or the form of a verb denoting the imperfect tense.; v. t.: To make imperfect.
Found on page(s): [48]

virgin - virgin, Definition(s): n.: A woman who has had no carnal knowledge of man; a maid.; n.: A person of the male sex who has not known sexual indulgence.; n.: See Virgo.; n.: Any one of several species of gossamer-winged butterflies of the family Lycaenidae.; n.: A female insect producing eggs from which young are hatched though there has been no fecundation by a male; a parthenogenetic insect.; a.: Being a virgin; chaste; of or pertaining to a virgin; becoming a virgin; maidenly; modest; indicating modesty; as a virgin blush.; a.: Pure; undefiled; unmixed; fresh; new; as virgin soil; virgin gold.; a.: Not yet pregnant; impregnant.; v. i.: To act the virgin; to be or keep chaste; -- followed by it. See It 5.
Found on page(s): [10, 18]

victor - victor, Definition(s): n.: The winner in a contest; one who gets the better of another in any struggle; esp. one who defeats an enemy in battle; a vanquisher; a conqueror; -- often followed by art rarely by of.; n.: A destroyer.; a.: Victorious.
Found on page(s): [46]

gloomy - gloomy, Definition(s): superl.: Imperfectly illuminated; dismal through obscurity or darkness; dusky; dim; clouded; as the cavern was gloomy.; superl.: Affected with or expressing gloom; melancholy; dejected; as a gloomy temper or countenance.
Found on page(s): [6]

ten - ten, Definition(s): a.: One more than nine; twice five.; n.: The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects.; n.: A symbol representing ten units as 10 x or X.
Found on page(s): [23]

sake - sake, Definition(s): n.: Final cause; end; purpose of obtaining; cause; motive; reason; interest; concern; account; regard or respect; -- used chiefly in such phrases as for the sake of for his sake for man's sake for mercy's sake and the like; as to commit crime for the sake of gain; to go abroad for the sake of one's health.
Found on page(s): [21, 45]

sister - sister, Definition(s): n.: A female who has the same parents with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother.; n.: A woman who is closely allied to or assocciated with another person as in the sdame faith society order or community.; n.: One of the same kind or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as sister fruits.; v. t.: To be sister to; to resemble closely.
Found on page(s): [10, 12]

devoutly - devoutly, Definition(s): adv.: In a devout and reverent manner; with devout emotions; piously.; adv.: Sincerely; solemnly; earnestly.
Found on page(s): [41]

conceal - conceal, Definition(s): v. t.: To hide or withdraw from observation; to cover; to cover or keep from sight; to prevent the discovery of; to withhold knowledge of.
Found on page(s): [10]

quitted - quitted, Definition(s): : of Quit.
Found on page(s): [4]

everlasting - everlasting, Definition(s): a.: Lasting or enduring forever; exsisting or continuing without end; immoral; eternal.; a.: Continuing indefinitely or during a long period; perpetual; sometimes used colloquially as a strong intensive; as this everlasting nonsence.
Found on page(s): [26]

solid - solid, Definition(s): a.: Having the constituent parts so compact or so firmly adhering as to resist the impression or penetration of other bodies; having a fixed form; hard; firm; compact; -- opposed to fluid and liquid or to plastic like clay or to incompact like sand.; a.: Not hollow; full of matter; as a solid globe or cone as distinguished from a hollow one; not spongy; dense; hence sometimes heavy.; a.: Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic; as a solid foot contains 1728 solid inches.; a.: Firm; compact; strong; stable; unyielding; as a solid pier; a solid pile; a solid wall.; a.: Applied to a compound word whose parts are closely united and form an unbroken word; -- opposed to hyphened.; a.: Fig.: Worthy of credit trust or esteem; substantial as opposed to frivolous or fallacious; weighty; firm; strong; valid; just; genuine.; a.: Sound; not weakly; as a solid constitution of body.; a.: Of a fleshy uniform undivided substance as a bulb or root; not spongy or hollow within as a stem.; a.: Impenetrable; resisting or excluding any other material particle or atom from any given portion of space; -- applied to the supposed ultimate particles of matter.; a.: Not having the lines separated by leads; not open.; a.: United; without division; unanimous; as the delegation is solid for a candidate.; n.: A substance that is held in a fixed form by cohesion among its particles; a substance not fluid.; n.: A magnitude which has length breadth and thickness; a part of space bounded on all sides.
Found on page(s): [5]

thus - thus, Definition(s): n.: The commoner kind of frankincense or that obtained from the Norway spruce the long-leaved pine and other conifers.; adv.: In this or that manner; on this wise.; adv.: To this degree or extent; so far; so; as thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 17, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 43, 44, 47, 48, 49, 51, 52, 53, 54]

meanwhile - meanwhile, Definition(s): n.: The intervening time; as in the meantime (or mean time).; adv.: In the intervening time; during the interval.
Found on page(s): [34]

possess - possess, Definition(s): v. t.: To occupy in person; to hold or actually have in one's own keeping; to have and to hold.; v. t.: To have the legal title to; to have a just right to; to be master of; to own; to have; as to possess property an estate a book.; v. t.: To obtain occupation or possession of; to accomplish; to gain; to seize.; v. t.: To enter into and influence; to control the will of; to fill; to affect; -- said especially of evil spirits passions etc.; v. t.: To put in possession; to make the owner or holder of property power knowledge etc.; to acquaint; to inform; -- followed by of or with before the thing possessed and now commonly used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [11, 24]

lion - lion, Definition(s): n.: A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo) found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male in most varieties has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length however is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety called the maneless lion the male has only a slight mane.; n.: A sign and a constellation; Leo.; n.: An object of interest and curiosity especially a person who is so regarded; as he was quite a lion in London at that time.
Found on page(s): [23, 44]

corporeal - corporeal, Definition(s): a.: Having a body; consisting of or pertaining to a material body or substance; material; -- opposed to spiritual or immaterial.
Found on page(s): [6, 52]

temper - temper, Definition(s): v. t.: To mingle in due proportion; to prepare by combining; to modify as by adding some new element; to qualify as by an ingredient; hence to soften; to mollify; to assuage; to soothe; to calm.; v. t.: To fit together; to adjust; to accomodate.; v. t.: To bring to a proper degree of hardness; as to temper iron or steel.; v. t.: To govern; to manage.; v. t.: To moisten to a proper consistency and stir thoroughly as clay for making brick loam for molding etc.; v. t.: To adjust as the mathematical scale to the actual scale or to that in actual use.; n.: The state of any compound substance which results from the mixture of various ingredients; due mixture of different qualities; just combination; as the temper of mortar.; n.: Constitution of body; temperament; in old writers the mixture or relative proportion of the four humors blood choler phlegm and melancholy.; n.: Disposition of mind; the constitution of the mind particularly with regard to the passions and affections; as a calm temper; a hasty temper; a fretful temper.; n.: Calmness of mind; moderation; equanimity; composure; as to keep one's temper.; n.: Heat of mind or passion; irritation; proneness to anger; -- in a reproachful sense.; n.: The state of a metal or other substance especially as to its hardness produced by some process of heating or cooling; as the temper of iron or steel.; n.: Middle state or course; mean; medium.; n.: Milk of lime or other substance employed in the process formerly used to clarify sugar.; v. i.: To accord; to agree; to act and think in conformity.; v. i.: To have or get a proper or desired state or quality; to grow soft and pliable.
Found on page(s): [2, 23]

counterpoise - counterpoise, Definition(s): v. t.: To act against with equal weight; to equal in weight; to balance the weight of; to counterbalance.; v. t.: To act against with equal power; to balance.; n.: A weight sufficient to balance another as in the opposite scale of a balance; an equal weight.; n.: An equal power or force acting in opposition; a force sufficient to balance another force.; n.: The relation of two weights or forces which balance each other; equilibrium; equiponderance.
Found on page(s): [18]

wing - wing, Definition(s): n.: One of the two anterior limbs of a bird pterodactyl or bat. They correspond to the arms of man and are usually modified for flight but in the case of a few species of birds as the ostrich auk etc. the wings are used only as an assistance in running or swimming.; n.: Any similar member or instrument used for the purpose of flying.; n.: One of the two pairs of upper thoracic appendages of most hexapod insects. They are broad fanlike organs formed of a double membrane and strengthened by chitinous veins or nervures.; n.: One of the large pectoral fins of the flying fishes.; n.: Passage by flying; flight; as to take wing.; n.: Motive or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion.; n.: Anything which agitates the air as a wing does or which is put in winglike motion by the action of the air as a fan or vane for winnowing grain the vane or sail of a windmill etc.; n.: An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot.; n.: Any appendage resembling the wing of a bird or insect in shape or appearance.; n.: One of the broad thin anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod used as an organ in swimming.; n.: Any membranaceous expansion as that along the sides of certain stems or of a fruit of the kind called samara.; n.: Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower.; n.: One of two corresponding appendages attached; a sidepiece.; n.: A side building less than the main edifice; as one of the wings of a palace.; n.: The longer side of crownworks etc. connecting them with the main work.; n.: A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another.; n.: The right or left division of an army regiment etc.; n.: That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides. In a fleet one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line or when forming the two sides of a triangle.; n.: One of the sides of the stags in a theater.; v. t.: To furnish with wings; to enable to fly or to move with celerity.; v. t.: To supply with wings or sidepieces.; v. t.: To transport by flight; to cause to fly.; v. t.: To move through in flight; to fly through.; v. t.: To cut off the wings of; to wound in the wing; to disable a wing of; as to wing a bird.
Found on page(s): [37]

wine - wine, Definition(s): n.: The expressed juice of grapes esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice and (usually) allowing it to ferment.; n.: A liquor or beverage prepared from the juice of any fruit or plant by a process similar to that for grape wine; as currant wine; gooseberry wine; palm wine.; n.: The effect of drinking wine in excess; intoxication.
Found on page(s): [38]

wind - wind, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn completely or with repeated turns; especially to turn about something fixed; to cause to form convolutions about anything; to coil; to twine; to twist; to wreathe; as to wind thread on a spool or into a ball.; v. t.: To entwist; to infold; to encircle.; v. t.: To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter or will; to regulate; to govern.; v. t.: To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate.; v. t.: To cover or surround with something coiled about; as to wind a rope with twine.; v. i.: To turn completely or repeatedly; to become coiled about anything; to assume a convolved or spiral form; as vines wind round a pole.; v. i.: To have a circular course or direction; to crook; to bend; to meander; as to wind in and out among trees.; v. i.: To go to the one side or the other; to move this way and that; to double on one's course; as a hare pursued turns and winds.; n.: The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist; a winding.; n.: Air naturally in motion with any degree of velocity; a current of air.; n.: Air artificially put in motion by any force or action; as the wind of a cannon ball; the wind of a bellows.; n.: Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs or by an instrument.; n.: Power of respiration; breath.; n.: Air or gas generated in the stomach or bowels; flatulence; as to be troubled with wind.; n.: Air impregnated with an odor or scent.; n.: A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass; especially one of the cardinal points which are often called the four winds.; n.: A disease of sheep in which the intestines are distended with air or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing.; n.: Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words.; n.: The dotterel.; v. t.: To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate.; v. t.: To perceive or follow by the scent; to scent; to nose; as the hounds winded the game.; v. t.: To drive hard or force to violent exertion as a horse so as to render scant of wind; to put out of breath.; v. t.: To rest as a horse in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe.; v. t.: To blow; to sound by blowing; esp. to sound with prolonged and mutually involved notes.
Found on page(s): [18]

arab - arab, Definition(s): n.: One of a swarthy race occupying Arabia and numerous in Syria Northern Africa etc.
Found on page(s): [21]

flight - flight, Definition(s): n.: The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.; n.: The act of fleeing; the act of running away to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.; n.: Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as a flight of imagination ambition folly.; n.: A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as a flight of arrows.; n.: A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.; n.: A kind of arrow for the longbow; also the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.; n.: The husk or glume of oats.
Found on page(s): [6, 20, 21, 55]

folly - folly, Definition(s): n.: The state of being foolish; want of good sense; levity weakness or derangement of mind.; n.: A foolish act; an inconsiderate or thoughtless procedure; weak or light-minded conduct; foolery.; n.: Scandalous crime; sin; specifically as applied to a woman wantonness.; n.: The result of a foolish action or enterprise.
Found on page(s): [18, 26]

airy - airy, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of air; as an airy substance; the airy parts of bodies.; a.: Relating or belonging to air; high in air; aerial; as an airy flight.; a.: Open to a free current of air; exposed to the air; breezy; as an airy situation.; a.: Resembling air; thin; unsubstantial; not material; airlike.; a.: Relating to the spirit or soul; delicate; graceful; as airy music.; a.: Without reality; having no solid foundation; empty; trifling; visionary.; a.: Light of heart; vivacious; sprightly; flippant; superficial.; a.: Having an affected manner; being in the habit of putting on airs; affectedly grand.; a.: Having the light and aerial tints true to nature.
Found on page(s): [31]

vengeance - vengeance, Definition(s): n.: Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense; retribution; -- often in a bad sense passionate or unrestrained revenge.; n.: Harm; mischief.
Found on page(s): [22, 25]

lombard - lombard, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Lombardy or the inhabitants of Lombardy.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Lombardy.; n.: A money lender or banker; -- so called because the business of banking was first carried on in London by Lombards.; n.: Same as Lombard-house.; n.: A form of cannon formerly in use.
Found on page(s): [22]

fearless - fearless, Definition(s): a.: Free from fear.
Found on page(s): [5, 56]

infinite - infinite, Definition(s): a.: Unlimited or boundless in time or space; as infinite duration or distance.; a.: Without limit in power capacity knowledge or excellence; boundless; immeasurably or inconceivably great; perfect; as the infinite wisdom and goodness of God; -- opposed to finite.; a.: Indefinitely large or extensive; great; vast; immense; gigantic; prodigious.; a.: Greater than any assignable quantity of the same kind; -- said of certain quantities.; a.: Capable of endless repetition; -- said of certain forms of the canon called also perpetual fugues so constructed that their ends lead to their beginnings and the performance may be incessantly repeated.; n.: That which is infinite; boundless space or duration; infinity; boundlessness.; n.: An infinite quantity or magnitude.; n.: An infinity; an incalculable or very great number.; n.: The Infinite Being; God; the Almighty.
Found on page(s): [52]

roll - roll, Definition(s): n.: To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface; as to roll a wheel a ball or a barrel.; n.: To wrap round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over; as to roll a sheet of paper; to roll parchment; to roll clay or putty into a ball.; n.: To bind or involve by winding as in a bandage; to inwrap; -- often with up; as to roll up a parcel.; n.: To drive or impel forward with an easy motion as of rolling; as a river rolls its waters to the ocean.; n.: To utter copiously esp. with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; -- often with forth or out; as to roll forth some one's praises; to roll out sentences.; n.: To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll roller or rollers; as to roll a field; to roll paste; to roll steel rails etc.; n.: To move or cause to be moved upon or by means of rollers or small wheels.; n.: To beat with rapid continuous strokes as a drum; to sound a roll upon.; n.: To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another in suck manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.; n.: To turn over in one's mind; to revolve.; v. i.: To move as a curved object may along a surface by rotation without sliding; to revolve upon an axis; to turn over and over; as a ball or wheel rolls on the earth; a body rolls on an inclined plane.; v. i.: To move on wheels; as the carriage rolls along the street.; v. i.: To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball; as the cloth rolls unevenly; the snow rolls well.; v. i.: To fall or tumble; -- with over; as a stream rolls over a precipice.; v. i.: To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution; as the rolling year; ages roll away.; v. i.: To turn; to move circularly.; v. i.: To move as waves or billows with alternate swell and depression.; v. i.: To incline first to one side then to the other; to rock; as there is a great difference in ships about rolling; in a general semse to be tossed about.; v. i.: To turn over or from side to side while lying down; to wallow; as a horse rolls.; v. i.: To spread under a roller or rolling-pin; as the paste rolls well.; v. i.: To beat a drum with strokes so rapid that they can scarcely be distinguished by the ear.; v. i.: To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise; as the thunder rolls.; v.: The act of rolling or state of being rolled; as the roll of a ball; the roll of waves.; v.: That which rolls; a roller.; v.: A heavy cylinder used to break clods.; v.: One of a set of revolving cylinders or rollers between which metal is pressed formed or smoothed as in a rolling mill; as to pass rails through the rolls.; v.: That which is rolled up; as a roll of fat of wool paper cloth etc.; v.: A document written on a piece of parchment paper or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll.; v.: Hence an official or public document; a register; a record; also a catalogue; a list.; v.: A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form; as a roll of carpeting; a roll of ribbon.; v.: A cylindrical twist of tobacco.; v.: A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread often rolled or doubled upon itself.; v.: The oscillating movement of a vessel from side to side in sea way as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching.; v.: A heavy reverberatory sound; as the roll of cannon or of thunder.; v.: The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear.; v.: Part; office; duty; role.
Found on page(s): [29, 36]

suffice - suffice, Definition(s): v. i.: To be enough or sufficient; to meet the need (of anything); to be equal to the end proposed; to be adequate.; v. t.: To satisfy; to content; to be equal to the wants or demands of.; v. t.: To furnish; to supply adequately.
Found on page(s): [18]

turn - turn, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to move upon a center or as if upon a center; to give circular motion to; to cause to revolve; to cause to move round either partially wholly or repeatedly; to make to change position so as to present other sides in given directions; to make to face otherwise; as to turn a wheel or a spindle; to turn the body or the head.; v. t.: To cause to present a different side uppermost or outmost; to make the upper side the lower or the inside to be the outside of; to reverse the position of; as to turn a box or a board; to turn a coat.; v. t.: To give another direction tendency or inclination to; to direct otherwise; to deflect; to incline differently; -- used both literally and figuratively; as to turn the eyes to the heavens; to turn a horse from the road or a ship from her course; to turn the attention to or from something.; v. t.: To change from a given use or office; to divert as to another purpose or end; to transfer; to use or employ; to apply; to devote.; v. t.: To change the form quality aspect or effect of; to alter; to metamorphose; to convert; to transform; -- often with to or into before the word denoting the effect or product of the change; as to turn a worm into a winged insect; to turn green to blue; to turn prose into verse; to turn a Whig to a Tory or a Hindu to a Christian; to turn good to evil and the like.; v. t.: To form in a lathe; to shape or fashion (anything) by applying a cutting tool to it while revolving; as to turn the legs of stools or tables; to turn ivory or metal.; v. t.: Hence to give form to; to shape; to mold; to put in proper condition; to adapt.; v. t.: To translate; to construe; as to turn the Iliad.; v. t.: To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle etc.: as to turn cider or wine; electricity turns milk quickly.; v. t.: To sicken; to nauseate; as an emetic turns one's stomach.; v. i.: To move round; to have a circular motion; to revolve entirely repeatedly or partially; to change position so as to face differently; to whirl or wheel round; as a wheel turns on its axis; a spindle turns on a pivot; a man turns on his heel.; v. i.: Hence to revolve as if upon a point of support; to hinge; to depend; as the decision turns on a single fact.; v. i.: To result or terminate; to come about; to eventuate; to issue.; v. i.: To be deflected; to take a different direction or tendency; to be directed otherwise; to be differently applied; to be transferred; as to turn from the road.; v. i.: To be changed altered or transformed; to become transmuted; also to become by a change or changes; to grow; as wood turns to stone; water turns to ice; one color turns to another; to turn Mohammedan.; v. i.: To undergo the process of turning on a lathe; as ivory turns well.; v. i.: To become acid; to sour; -- said of milk ale etc.; v. i.: To become giddy; -- said of the head or brain.; v. i.: To be nauseated; -- said of the stomach.; v. i.: To become inclined in the other direction; -- said of scales.; v. i.: To change from ebb to flow or from flow to ebb; -- said of the tide.; v. i.: To bring down the feet of a child in the womb in order to facilitate delivery.; v. i.: To invert a type of the same thickness as temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.; n.: The act of turning; movement or motion about or as if about a center or axis; revolution; as the turn of a wheel.; n.: Change of direction course or tendency; different order position or aspect of affairs; alteration; vicissitude; as the turn of the tide.; n.: One of the successive portions of a course or of a series of occurrences reckoning from change to change; hence a winding; a bend; a meander.; n.: A circuitous walk or a walk to and fro ending where it began; a short walk; a stroll.; n.: Successive course; opportunity enjoyed by alternation with another or with others or in due order; due chance; alternate or incidental occasion; appropriate time.; n.: Incidental or opportune deed or office; occasional act of kindness or malice; as to do one an ill turn.; n.: Convenience; occasion; purpose; exigence; as this will not serve his turn.; n.: Form; cast; shape; manner; fashion; -- used in a literal or figurative sense; hence form of expression; mode of signifying; as the turn of thought; a man of a sprightly turn in conversation.; n.: A change of condition; especially a sudden or recurring symptom of illness as a nervous shock or fainting spell; as a bad turn.; n.: A fall off the ladder at the gallows; a hanging; -- so called from the practice of causing the criminal to stand on a ladder which was turned over so throwing him off when the signal was given.; n.: A round of a rope or cord in order to secure it as about a pin or a cleat.; n.: A pit sunk in some part of a drift.; n.: A court of record held by the sheriff twice a year in every hundred within his county.; n.: Monthly courses; menses.; n.: An embellishment or grace (marked thus /) commonly consisting of the principal note or that on which the turn is made with the note above and the semitone below the note above being sounded first the principal note next and the semitone below last the three being performed quickly as a triplet preceding the marked note. The turn may be inverted so as to begin with the lower note in which case the sign is either placed on end thus / or drawn thus /.
Found on page(s): [17, 24, 27, 46]

wreak - wreak, Definition(s): v. i.: To reck; to care.; v. t.: To revenge; to avenge.; v. t.: To execute in vengeance or passion; to inflict; to hurl or drive; as to wreak vengeance on an enemy.; v. t.: Revenge; vengeance; furious passion; resentment.
Found on page(s): [22]

fervent - fervent, Definition(s): a.: Hot; glowing; boiling; burning; as a fervent summer.; a.: Warm in feeling; ardent in temperament; earnest; full of fervor; zealous; glowing.
Found on page(s): [51]

quiet - quiet, Definition(s): a.: In a state of rest or calm; without stir motion or agitation; still; as a quiet sea; quiet air.; a.: Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still.; a.: Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled; as a quiet life; a quiet conscience.; a.: Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented.; a.: Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative; as a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement.; a.: The quality or state of being quiet or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet.; a.: Freedom from disturbance noise or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security.; v. t.: To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest or of silence.; v. t.: To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize; as to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief.; v. i.: To become still silent or calm; -- often with down; as be soon quieted down.
Found on page(s): [19]

lights - lights, Definition(s): n. pl.: The lungs of an animal or bird; -- sometimes coarsely applied to the lungs of a human being.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 27, 28, 37, 44, 47, 53]

salt - salt, Definition(s): : Sulphate of magnesia having cathartic qualities; -- originally prepared by boiling down the mineral waters at Epsom England -- whence the name; afterwards prepared from sea water; but now from certain minerals as from siliceous hydrate of magnesia.
Found on page(s): [29]

garland - garland, Definition(s): n.: The crown of a king.; n.: A wreath of chaplet made of branches flowers or feathers and sometimes of precious stones to be worn on the head like a crown; a coronal; a wreath.; n.: The top; the thing most prized.; n.: A book of extracts in prose or poetry; an anthology.; n.: A sort of netted bag used by sailors to keep provision in.; n.: A grommet or ring of rope lashed to a spar for convenience in handling.; v. t.: To deck with a garland.
Found on page(s): [38]

union - union, Definition(s): n.: The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one or the state of being united or joined; junction; coalition; combination.; n.: Agreement and conjunction of mind spirit will affections or the like; harmony; concord.; n.: That which is united or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league; as the weavers have formed a union; trades unions have become very numerous; the United States of America are often called the Union.; n.: A textile fabric composed of two or more materials as cotton silk wool etc. woven together.; n.: A large fine pearl.; n.: A device emblematic of union used on a national flag or ensign sometimes as in the military standard of Great Britain covering the whole field; sometimes as in the flag of the United States and the English naval and marine flag occupying the upper inner corner the rest of the flag being called the fly. Also a flag having such a device; especially the flag of Great Britain.; n.: A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery or the like as the elastic pipe of a tender connecting it with the feed pipe of a locomotive engine; especially a pipe fitting for connecting pipes or pipes and fittings in such a way as to facilitate disconnection.; n.: A cask suspended on trunnions in which fermentation is carried on.
Found on page(s): [51]

blood - blood, Definition(s): n.: The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals carrying nourishment to all parts of the body and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial.; n.: Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship.; n.: Descent; lineage; especially honorable birth; the highest royal lineage.; n.: Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed.; n.: The fleshy nature of man.; n.: The shedding of blood; the taking of life murder; manslaughter; destruction.; n.: A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition.; n.: Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions.; n.: A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay showy man; a rake.; n.: The juice of anything especially if red.; v. t.: To bleed.; v. t.: To stain smear or wet with blood.; v. t.: To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood as in hunting or war.; v. t.: To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
Found on page(s): [33, 34, 40, 55]

cowl - cowl, Definition(s): n.: A monk's hood; -- usually attached to the gown. The name was also applied to the hood and garment together.; n.: A cowl-shaped cap commonly turning with the wind used to improve the draft of a chimney ventilating shaft etc.; n.: A wire cap for the smokestack of a locomotive.; n.: A vessel carried on a pole between two persons for conveyance of water.
Found on page(s): [34]

straight - straight, Definition(s): a.: A variant of Strait a.; superl.: Right in a mathematical sense; passing from one point to another by the nearest course; direct; not deviating or crooked; as a straight line or course; a straight piece of timber.; superl.: Approximately straight; not much curved; as straight ribs are such as pass from the base of a leaf to the apex with a small curve.; superl.: Composed of cards which constitute a regular sequence as the ace king queen jack and ten-spot; as a straight hand; a straight flush.; superl.: Conforming to justice and rectitude; not deviating from truth or fairness; upright; as straight dealing.; superl.: Unmixed; undiluted; as to take liquor straight.; superl.: Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party; as a straight Republican; a straight Democrat; also containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a party and no others; as a straight ballot.; adv.: In a straight manner; directly; rightly; forthwith; immediately; as the arrow went straight to the mark.; n.: A hand of five cards in consecutive order as to value; a sequence. When they are of one suit it is calles straight flush.; v. t.: To straighten.
Found on page(s): [2, 9, 10, 15, 16, 31, 43, 50, 53]

foliage - foliage, Definition(s): n.: Leaves collectively as produced or arranged by nature; leafage; as a tree or forest of beautiful foliage.; n.: A cluster of leaves flowers and branches; especially the representation of leaves flowers and branches in architecture intended to ornament and enrich capitals friezes pediments etc.; v. t.: To adorn with foliage or the imitation of foliage; to form into the representation of leaves.
Found on page(s): [2]

humbly - humbly, Definition(s): adv.: With humility; lowly.
Found on page(s): [42]

obvious - obvious, Definition(s): a.: Opposing; fronting.; a.: Exposed; subject; open; liable.; a.: Easily discovered seen or understood; readily perceived by the eye or the intellect; plain; evident; apparent; as an obvious meaning; an obvious remark.
Found on page(s): [28]

weetless - weetless, Definition(s): a.: Unknowing; also unknown; unmeaning.
Found on page(s): [36]

thank - thank, Definition(s): n.: A expression of gratitude; an acknowledgment expressive of a sense of favor or kindness received; obligation claim or desert or gratitude; -- now generally used in the plural.; n.: To express gratitude to (anyone) for a favor; to make acknowledgments to (anyone) for kindness bestowed; -- used also ironically for blame.
Found on page(s): [37]

fifth - fifth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the fourth; -- the ordinal of five.; a.: Consisting of one of five equal divisions of a thing.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by five; one of five equal parts; a fifth part.; n.: The interval of three tones and a semitone embracing five diatonic degrees of the scale; the dominant of any key.
Found on page(s): [38, 48]

tho - tho, Definition(s): def. art.: The.; pron. pl.: Those.; adv.: Then.; conj.: Though.
Found on page(s): [14, 33, 50, 55]

regain - regain, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain anew; to get again; to recover as what has escaped or been lost; to reach again.
Found on page(s): [51]

yours - yours, Definition(s): pron.: See the Note under Your.
Found on page(s): [18, 23]

imperial - imperial, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to an empire or to an emperor; as an imperial government; imperial authority or edict.; a.: Belonging to or suitable to supreme authority or one who wields it; royal; sovereign; supreme.; a.: Of superior or unusual size or excellence; as imperial paper; imperial tea etc.; n.: The tuft of hair on a man's lower lip and chin; -- so called from the style of beard of Napoleon III.; n.: An outside seat on a diligence.; n.: A luggage case on the top of a coach.; n.: Anything of unusual size or excellence as a large decanter a kind of large photograph a large sheet of drowing printing or writing paper etc.; n.: A gold coin of Russia worth ten rubles or about eight dollars.; n.: A kind of fine cloth brought into England from Greece. or other Eastern countries in the Middle Ages.
Found on page(s): [44]

undone - undone, Definition(s): : p. p. of Undo.; a.: Not done or performed; neglected.
Found on page(s): [15]

harmony - harmony, Definition(s): n.: The just adaptation of parts to each other in any system or combination of things or in things or things intended to form a connected whole; such an agreement between the different parts of a design or composition as to produce unity of effect; as the harmony of the universe.; n.: Concord or agreement in facts opinions manners interests etc.; good correspondence; peace and friendship; as good citizens live in harmony.; n.: A literary work which brings together or arranges systematically parallel passages of historians respecting the same events and shows their agreement or consistency; as a harmony of the Gospels.; n.: A succession of chords according to the rules of progression and modulation.; n.: The science which treats of their construction and progression.; n.: See Harmonic suture under Harmonic.
Found on page(s): [3, 23]

violent - violent, Definition(s): a.: Moving or acting with physical strength; urged or impelled with force; excited by strong feeling or passion; forcible; vehement; impetuous; fierce; furious; severe; as a violent blow; the violent attack of a disease.; a.: Acting characterized or produced by unjust or improper force; outrageous; unauthorized; as a violent attack on the right of free speech.; a.: Produced or effected by force; not spontaneous; unnatural; abnormal.; n.: An assailant.; v. t.: To urge with violence.; v. i.: To be violent; to act violently.
Found on page(s): [13]

thy - thy, Definition(s): pron.: Of thee or belonging to thee; the more common form of thine possessive case of thou; -- used always attributively and chiefly in the solemn or grave style and in poetry. Thine is used in the predicate; as the knife is thine. See Thine.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32, 34, 35, 36, 38, 39, 40, 43, 48, 49, 55, 56]

resolve - resolve, Definition(s): v. i.: To separate the component parts of; to reduce to the constituent elements; -- said of compound substances; hence sometimes to melt or dissolve.; v. i.: To reduce to simple or intelligible notions; -- said of complex ideas or obscure questions; to make clear or certain; to free from doubt; to disentangle; to unravel; to explain; hence to clear up or dispel as doubt; as to resolve a riddle.; v. i.: To cause to perceive or understand; to acquaint; to inform; to convince; to assure; to make certain.; v. i.: To determine or decide in purpose; to make ready in mind; to fix; to settle; as he was resolved by an unexpected event.; v. i.: To express as an opinion or determination by resolution and vote; to declare or decide by a formal vote; -- followed by a clause; as the house resolved (or it was resolved by the house) that no money should be apropriated (or to appropriate no money).; v. i.: To change or convert by resolution or formal vote; -- used only reflexively; as the house resolved itself into a committee of the whole.; v. i.: To solve as a problem by enumerating the several things to be done in order to obtain what is required; to find the answer to or the result of.; v. i.: To dispere or scatter; to discuss as an inflammation or a tumor.; v. i.: To let the tones (as of a discord) follow their several tendencies resulting in a concord.; v. i.: To relax; to lay at ease.; v. i.: To be separated into its component parts or distinct principles; to undergo resolution.; v. i.: To melt; to dissolve; to become fluid.; v. i.: To be settled in opinion; to be convinced.; v. i.: To form a purpose; to make a decision; especially to determine after reflection; as to resolve on a better course of life.; n.: The act of resolving or making clear; resolution; solution.; n.: That which has been resolved on or determined; decisive conclusion; fixed purpose; determination; also legal or official determination; a legislative declaration; a resolution.
Found on page(s): [15, 17, 18]

reader - reader, Definition(s): n.: One who reads.; n.: One whose distinctive office is to read prayers in a church.; n.: One who reads lectures on scientific subjects.; n.: A proof reader.; n.: One who reads manuscripts offered for publication and advises regarding their merit.; n.: One who reads much; one who is studious.; n.: A book containing a selection of extracts for exercises in reading; an elementary book for practice in a language; a reading book.
Found on page(s): [19, 36]

chill - chill, Definition(s): n.: A moderate but disagreeable degree of cold; a disagreeable sensation of coolness accompanied with shivering.; n.: A sensation of cold with convulsive shaking of the body pinched face pale skin and blue lips caused by undue cooling of the body or by nervous excitement or forming the precursor of some constitutional disturbance as of a fever.; n.: A check to enthusiasm or warmth of feeling; discouragement; as a chill comes over an assembly.; n.: An iron mold or portion of a mold serving to cool rapidly and so to harden the surface of molten iron brought in contact with it.; n.: The hardened part of a casting as the tread of a car wheel.; a.: Moderately cold; tending to cause shivering; chilly; raw.; a.: Affected by cold.; a.: Characterized by coolness of manner feeling etc.; lacking enthusiasm or warmth; formal; distant; as a chill reception.; a.: Discouraging; depressing; dispiriting.; v. t.: To strike with a chill; to make chilly; to cause to shiver; to affect with cold.; v. t.: To check enthusiasm or warmth of feeling of; to depress; to discourage.; v. t.: To produce by sudden cooling a change of crystallization at or near the surface of so as to increase the hardness; said of cast iron.; v. i.: To become surface-hardened by sudden cooling while solidifying; as some kinds of cast iron chill to a greater depth than others.
Found on page(s): [47]

sworn - sworn, Definition(s): : p. p. of Swear.
Found on page(s): [38, 43]

empty - empty, Definition(s): superl.: Containing nothing; not holding or having anything within; void of contents or appropriate contents; not filled; -- said of an inclosure as a box room house etc.; as an empty chest room purse or pitcher; an empty stomach; empty shackles.; superl.: Free; clear; devoid; -- often with of.; superl.: Having nothing to carry; unburdened.; superl.: Destitute of effect sincerity or sense; -- said of language; as empty words or threats.; superl.: Unable to satisfy; unsatisfactory; hollow; vain; -- said of pleasure the world etc.; superl.: Producing nothing; unfruitful; -- said of a plant or tree; as an empty vine.; superl.: Destitute of or lacking sense knowledge or courtesy; as empty brains; an empty coxcomb.; superl.: Destitute of reality or real existence; unsubstantial; as empty dreams.; n.: An empty box crate cask etc.; -- used in commerce esp. in transportation of freight; as special rates for empties.; v. t.: To deprive of the contents; to exhaust; to make void or destitute; to make vacant; to pour out; to discharge; as to empty a vessel; to empty a well or a cistern.; v. i.: To discharge itself; as a river empties into the ocean.; v. i.: To become empty.
Found on page(s): [40]

wish - wish, Definition(s): v. t.: To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker.; v. t.: To desire; to long for; to hanker after; to have a mind or disposition toward.; v. t.: To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of or against any one; to attribute or cal down in desire; to invoke; to imprecate.; v. t.: To recommend; to seek confidence or favor in behalf of.; n.: Desire; eager desire; longing.; n.: Expression of desire; request; petition; hence invocation or imprecation.; n.: A thing desired; an object of desire.
Found on page(s): [10, 11, 13, 14, 17, 27, 32, 34, 43, 56]

wise - wise, Definition(s): v.: Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned.; v.: Hence especially making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.; v.: Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically skilled in divination.; v.: Hence prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty.; v.: Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination.; v.: Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
Found on page(s): [15, 18]

chime - chime, Definition(s): n.: See Chine n. 3.; n.: The harmonious sound of bells or of musical instruments.; n.: A set of bells musically tuned to each other; specif. in the pl. the music performed on such a set of bells by hand or produced by mechanism to accompany the striking of the hours or their divisions.; n.: Pleasing correspondence of proportion relation or sound.; n.: To sound in harmonious accord as bells.; n.: To be in harmony; to agree; to suit; to harmonize; to correspond; to fall in with.; n.: To join in a conversation; to express assent; -- followed by in or in with.; n.: To make a rude correspondence of sounds; to jingle as in rhyming.; v. i.: To cause to sound in harmony; to play a tune as upon a set of bells; to move or strike in harmony.; v. i.: To utter harmoniously; to recite rhythmically.
Found on page(s): [53]

fantasy - fantasy, Definition(s): n.: Fancy; imagination; especially a whimsical or fanciful conception; a vagary of the imagination; whim; caprice; humor.; n.: Fantastic designs.; v. t.: To have a fancy for; to be pleased with; to like; to fancy.
Found on page(s): [37]

vicious - vicious, Definition(s): a.: Characterized by vice or defects; defective; faulty; imperfect.; a.: Addicted to vice; corrupt in principles or conduct; depraved; wicked; as vicious children; vicious examples; vicious conduct.; a.: Wanting purity; foul; bad; noxious; as vicious air water etc.; a.: Not correct or pure; corrupt; as vicious language; vicious idioms.; a.: Not well tamed or broken; given to bad tricks; unruly; refractory; as a vicious horse.; a.: Bitter; spiteful; malignant.
Found on page(s): [4]

strange - strange, Definition(s): superl.: Belonging to another country; foreign.; superl.: Of or pertaining to others; not one's own; not pertaining to one's self; not domestic.; superl.: Not before known heard or seen; new.; superl.: Not according to the common way; novel; odd; unusual; irregular; extraordinary; unnatural; queer.; superl.: Reserved; distant in deportment.; superl.: Backward; slow.; superl.: Not familiar; unaccustomed; inexperienced.; adv.: Strangely.; v. t.: To alienate; to estrange.; v. i.: To be estranged or alienated.; v. i.: To wonder; to be astonished.
Found on page(s): [42]

lack - lack, Definition(s): n.: Blame; cause of blame; fault; crime; offense.; n.: Deficiency; want; need; destitution; failure; as a lack of sufficient food.; v. t.: To blame; to find fault with.; v. t.: To be without or destitute of; to want; to need.; v. i.: To be wanting; often impersonally with of meaning to be less than short not quite etc.; v. i.: To be in want.; interj.: Exclamation of regret or surprise.
Found on page(s): [16, 32]

shadowing - shadowing, Definition(s): n.: Shade or gradation of light and color; shading.; n.: A faint representation; an adumbration.
Found on page(s): [34]

gone - gone, Definition(s): : p. p. of Go.
Found on page(s): [45]

external - external, Definition(s): a.: Outward; exterior; relating to the outside as of a body; being without; acting from without; -- opposed to internal; as the external form or surface of a body.; a.: Outside of or separate from ourselves; (Metaph.) separate from the perceiving mind.; a.: Outwardly perceptible; visible; physical or corporeal as distinguished from mental or moral.; a.: Not intrinsic nor essential; accidental; accompanying; superficial.; a.: Foreign; relating to or connected with foreign nations; as external trade or commerce; the external relations of a state or kingdom.; a.: Away from the mesial plane of the body; lateral.; n.: Something external or without; outward part; that which makes a show rather than that which is intrinsic; visible form; -- usually in the plural.
Found on page(s): [43]

sang - sang, Definition(s): : imp. of Sing.; : of Sing.
Found on page(s): [51]

aside - aside, Definition(s): adv.: On or to one side; out of a straight line course or direction; at a little distance from the rest; out of the way; apart.; adv.: Out of one's thoughts; off; away; as to put aside gloomy thoughts.; adv.: So as to be heard by others; privately.; n.: Something spoken aside; as a remark made by a stageplayer which the other players are not supposed to hear.
Found on page(s): [35, 46]

excusable - excusable, Definition(s): a.: That may be excused forgiven justified or acquitted of blame; pardonable; as the man is excusable; an excusable action.
Found on page(s): [15]

sinking - sinking, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Sink.
Found on page(s): [16]

creature - creature, Definition(s): n.: Anything created; anything not self-existent; especially any being created with life; an animal; a man.; n.: A human being in pity contempt or endearment; as a poor creature; a pretty creature.; n.: A person who owes his rise and fortune to another; a servile dependent; an instrument; a tool.; n.: A general term among farmers for horses oxen etc.
Found on page(s): [4]

ascend - ascend, Definition(s): v. i.: To move upward; to mount; to go up; to rise; -- opposed to descend.; v. i.: To rise in a figurative sense; to proceed from an inferior to a superior degree from mean to noble objects from particulars to generals from modern to ancient times from one note to another more acute etc.; as our inquiries ascend to the remotest antiquity; to ascend to our first progenitor.; v. t.: To go or move upward upon or along; to climb; to mount; to go up the top of; as to ascend a hill a ladder a tree a river a throne.
Found on page(s): [23]

harm - harm, Definition(s): n.: Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune.; n.: That which causes injury damage or loss.; n.: To hurt; to injure; to damage; to wrong.
Found on page(s): [43, 51]

downwards - downwards, Definition(s): adv.: From a higher place to a lower; in a descending course; as to tend move roll look or take root downward or downwards.; adv.: From a higher to a lower condition; toward misery humility disgrace or ruin.; adv.: From a remote time; from an ancestor or predecessor; from one to another in a descending line.
Found on page(s): [4, 8]

dexter - dexter, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to or situated on the right hand; right as opposed to sinister or left.; a.: On the right-hand side of a shield i. e. towards the right hand of its wearer. To a spectator in front as in a pictorial representation this would be the left side.
Found on page(s): [54]

lent - lent, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Lend.; n.: A fast of forty days beginning with Ash Wednesday and continuing till Easter observed by some Christian churches as commemorative of the fast of our Savior.; a.: Slow; mild; gentle; as lenter heats.; a.: See Lento.
Found on page(s): [38]

remove - remove, Definition(s): v. t.: To move away from the position occupied; to cause to change place; to displace; as to remove a building.; v. t.: To cause to leave a person or thing; to cause to cease to be; to take away; hence to banish; to destroy; to put an end to; to kill; as to remove a disease.; v. t.: To dismiss or discharge from office; as the President removed many postmasters.; v. i.: To change place in any manner or to make a change in place; to move or go from one residence position or place to another.; n.: The act of removing; a removal.; n.: The transfer of one's business or of one's domestic belongings from one location or dwelling house to another; -- in the United States usually called a move.; n.: The state of being removed.; n.: That which is removed as a dish removed from table to make room for something else.; n.: The distance or space through which anything is removed; interval; distance; stage; hence a step or degree in any scale of gradation; specifically a division in an English public school; as the boy went up two removes last year.; n.: The act of resetting a horse's shoe.
Found on page(s): [7]

wisdom - wisdom, Definition(s): a.: The quality of being wise; knowledge and the capacity to make due use of it; knowledge of the best ends and the best means; discernment and judgment; discretion; sagacity; skill; dexterity.; a.: The results of wise judgments; scientific or practical truth; acquired knowledge; erudition.
Found on page(s): [40, 49]

ascent - ascent, Definition(s): : The act of rising; motion upward; rise; a mounting upward; as he made a tedious ascent; the ascent of vapors from the earth.; : The way or means by which one ascends.; : An eminence hill or high place.; : The degree of elevation of an object or the angle it makes with a horizontal line; inclination; rising grade; as a road has an ascent of five degrees.
Found on page(s): [36, 52]

motive - motive, Definition(s): n.: That which moves; a mover.; n.: That which incites to action; anything prompting or exciting to choise or moving the will; cause; reason; inducement; object.; n.: The theme or subject; a leading phrase or passage which is reproduced and varied through the course of a comor a movement; a short figure or melodic germ out of which a whole movement is develpoed. See also Leading motive under Leading.; n.: That which produces conception invention or creation in the mind of the artist in undertaking his subject; the guiding or controlling idea manifested in a work of art or any part of one.; a.: Causing motion; having power to move or tending to move; as a motive argument; motive power.; v. t.: To prompt or incite by a motive or motives; to move.
Found on page(s): [49]

root - root, Definition(s): v. i.: To turn up the earth with the snout as swine.; v. i.: Hence to seek for favor or advancement by low arts or groveling servility; to fawn servilely.; v. t.: To turn up or to dig out with the snout; as the swine roots the earth.; n.: The underground portion of a plant whether a true root or a tuber a bulb or rootstock as in the potato the onion or the sweet flag.; n.: The descending and commonly branching axis of a plant increasing in length by growth at its extremity only not divided into joints leafless and without buds and having for its offices to fix the plant in the earth to supply it with moisture and soluble matters and sometimes to serve as a reservoir of nutriment for future growth. A true root however may never reach the ground but may be attached to a wall etc. as in the ivy or may hang loosely in the air as in some epiphytic orchids.; n.: An edible or esculent root especially of such plants as produce a single root as the beet carrot etc.; as the root crop.; n.: That which resembles a root in position or function esp. as a source of nourishment or support; that from which anything proceeds as if by growth or development; as the root of a tooth a nail a cancer and the like.; n.: An ancestor or progenitor; and hence an early race; a stem.; n.: A primitive form of speech; one of the earliest terms employed in language; a word from which other words are formed; a radix or radical.; n.: The cause or occasion by which anything is brought about; the source.; n.: That factor of a quantity which when multiplied into itself will produce that quantity; thus 3 is a root of 9 because 3 multiplied into itself produces 9; 3 is the cube root of 27.; n.: The fundamental tone of any chord; the tone from whose harmonics or overtones a chord is composed.; n.: The lowest place position or part.; n.: The time which to reckon in making calculations.; v. i.: To fix the root; to enter the earth as roots; to take root and begin to grow.; v. i.: To be firmly fixed; to be established.; v. t.: To plant and fix deeply in the earth or as in the earth; to implant firmly; hence to make deep or radical; to establish; -- used chiefly in the participle; as rooted trees or forests; rooted dislike.; v. t.: To tear up by the root; to eradicate; to extirpate; -- with up out or away.
Found on page(s): [33]

treasure - treasure, Definition(s): n.: Wealth accumulated; especially a stock or store of money in reserve.; n.: A great quantity of anything collected for future use; abundance; plenty.; n.: That which is very much valued.; v. t.: To collect and deposit as money or other valuable things for future use; to lay up; to hoard; usually with up; as to treasure up gold.
Found on page(s): [17, 38]

multiply - multiply, Definition(s): v. t.: To increase in number; to make more numerous; to add quantity to.; v. t.: To add (any given number or quantity) to itself a certain number of times; to find the product of by multiplication; thus 7 multiplied by 8 produces the number 56; to multiply two numbers. See the Note under Multiplication.; v. t.: To increase (the amount of gold or silver) by the arts of alchemy.; v. i.: To become greater in number; to become numerous.; v. i.: To increase in extent and influence; to spread.; v. i.: To increase amount of gold or silver by the arts of alchemy.
Found on page(s): [19]

cheek - cheek, Definition(s): n.: The side of the face below the eye.; n.: The cheek bone.; n.: Those pieces of a machine or of any timber or stone work which form corresponding sides or which are similar and in pair; as the cheeks (jaws) of a vise; the cheeks of a gun carriage etc.; n.: The branches of a bridle bit.; n.: A section of a flask so made that it can be moved laterally to permit the removal of the pattern from the mold; the middle part of a flask.; n.: Cool confidence; assurance; impudence.; v. t.: To be impudent or saucy to.
Found on page(s): [34, 47]

besought - besought, Definition(s): : p. p. of Beseech.
Found on page(s): [45]

approval - approval, Definition(s): n.: Approbation; sanction.
Found on page(s): [32]

tuscan - tuscan, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Tuscany in Italy; -- specifically designating one of the five orders of architecture recognized and described by the Italian writers of the 16th century or characteristic of the order. The original of this order was not used by the Greeks but by the Romans under the Empire. See Order and Illust. of Capital.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Tuscany.
Found on page(s): [34]

perform - perform, Definition(s): v. t.: To carry through; to bring to completion; to achieve; to accomplish; to execute; to do.; v. t.: To discharge; to fulfill; to act up to; as to perform a duty; to perform a promise or a vow.; v. t.: To represent; to act; to play; as in drama.; v. i.: To do execute or accomplish something; to acquit one's self in any business; esp. to represent sometimes by action; to act a part; to play on a musical instrument; as the players perform poorly; the musician performs on the organ.
Found on page(s): [22]

requite - requite, Definition(s): v. t.: To repay; in a good sense to recompense; to return (an equivalent) in good; to reward; in a bad sense to retaliate; to return (evil) for evil; to punish.
Found on page(s): [15]

cheer - cheer, Definition(s): n.: The face; the countenance or its expression.; n.: Feeling; spirit; state of mind or heart.; n.: Gayety; mirth; cheerfulness; animation.; n.: That which promotes good spirits or cheerfulness; provisions prepared for a feast; entertainment; as a table loaded with good cheer.; n.: A shout hurrah or acclamation expressing joy enthusiasm applause favor etc.; v. t.: To cause to rejoice; to gladden; to make cheerful; -- often with up.; v. t.: To infuse life courage animation or hope into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort.; v. t.: To salute or applaud with cheers; to urge on by cheers; as to cheer hounds in a chase.; v. i.: To grow cheerful; to become gladsome or joyous; -- usually with up.; v. i.: To be in any state or temper of mind.; v. i.: To utter a shout or shouts of applause triumph etc.
Found on page(s): [19]

redemption - redemption, Definition(s): n.: The act of redeeming or the state of being redeemed; repurchase; ransom; release; rescue; deliverance; as the redemption of prisoners taken in war; the redemption of a ship and cargo.; n.: The liberation of an estate from a mortgage or the taking back of property mortgaged upon performance of the terms or conditions on which it was conveyed; also the right of redeeming and reentering upon an estate mortgaged. See Equity of redemption under Equity.; n.: Performance of the obligation stated in a note bill bond or other evidence of debt by making payment to the holder.; n.: The procuring of God's favor by the sufferings and death of Christ; the ransom or deliverance of sinners from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.
Found on page(s): [25]

lady - lady, Definition(s): n.: A woman who looks after the domestic affairs of a family; a mistress; the female head of a household.; n.: A woman having proprietary rights or authority; mistress; -- a feminine correlative of lord.; n.: A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound; a sweetheart.; n.: A woman of social distinction or position. In England a title prefixed to the name of any woman whose husband is not of lower rank than a baron or whose father was a nobleman not lower than an earl. The wife of a baronet or knight has the title of Lady by courtesy but not by right.; n.: A woman of refined or gentle manners; a well-bred woman; -- the feminine correlative of gentleman.; n.: A wife; -- not now in approved usage.; n.: The triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster; -- so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure. It consists of calcareous plates.; a.: Belonging or becoming to a lady; ladylike.; : The day of the annunciation of the Virgin Mary March 25. See Annunciation.
Found on page(s): [6, 11, 16, 24, 28, 42, 52]

wade - wade, Definition(s): n.: Woad.; v. i.: To go; to move forward.; v. i.: To walk in a substance that yields to the feet; to move sinking at each step as in water mud sand etc.; v. i.: Hence to move with difficulty or labor; to proceed /lowly among objects or circumstances that constantly /inder or embarrass; as to wade through a dull book.; v. t.: To pass or cross by wading; as he waded /he rivers and swamps.; n.: The act of wading.
Found on page(s): [26]

taking - taking, Definition(s): a.: Apt to take; alluring; attracting.; a.: Infectious; contageous.; n.: The act of gaining possession; a seizing; seizure; apprehension.; n.: Agitation; excitement; distress of mind.; n.: Malign influence; infection.
Found on page(s): [43]

fountain - fountain, Definition(s): n.: A spring of water issuing from the earth.; n.: An artificially produced jet or stream of water; also the structure or works in which such a jet or stream rises or flows; a basin built and constantly supplied with pure water for drinking and other useful purposes or for ornament.; n.: A reservoir or chamber to contain a liquid which can be conducted or drawn off as needed for use; as the ink fountain in a printing press etc.; n.: The source from which anything proceeds or from which anything is supplied continuously; origin; source.
Found on page(s): [7, 9, 15]

copious - copious, Definition(s): a.: Large in quantity or amount; plentiful; abundant; fruitful.
Found on page(s): [16]

invisible - invisible, Definition(s): a.: Incapable of being seen; not perceptible by vision; not visible.; n.: An invisible person or thing; specifically God the Supreme Being.; n.: A Rosicrucian; -- so called because avoiding declaration of his craft.; n.: One of those (as in the 16th century) who denied the visibility of the church.
Found on page(s): [28]

entire - entire, Definition(s): a.: Complete in all parts; undivided; undiminished; whole; full and perfect; not deficient; as the entire control of a business; entire confidence ignorance.; a.: Without mixture or alloy of anything; unqualified; morally whole; pure; faithful.; a.: Consisting of a single piece as a corolla.; a.: Having an evenly continuous edge as a leaf which has no kind of teeth.; a.: Not gelded; -- said of a horse.; a.: Internal; interior.; n.: Entirely.; n.: A name originally given to a kind of beer combining qualities of different kinds of beer.
Found on page(s): [36, 37, 51]

approach - approach, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or go near in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer.; v. i.: To draw near in a figurative sense; to make advances; to approximate; as he approaches to the character of the ablest statesman.; v. t.: To bring near; to cause to draw near; to advance.; v. t.: To come near to in place time or character; to draw nearer to; as to approach the city; to approach my cabin; he approached the age of manhood.; v. t.: To take approaches to.; v. i.: The act of drawing near; a coming or advancing near.; v. i.: A access or opportunity of drawing near.; v. i.: Movements to gain favor; advances.; v. i.: A way passage or avenue by which a place or buildings can be approached; an access.; v. i.: The advanced works trenches or covered roads made by besiegers in their advances toward a fortress or military post.; v. i.: See Approaching.
Found on page(s): [19]

fierce - fierce, Definition(s): superl.: Furious; violent; unrestrained; impetuous; as a fierce wind.; superl.: Vehement in anger or cruelty; ready or eager to kill or injure; of a nature to inspire terror; ferocious.; superl.: Excessively earnest eager or ardent.
Found on page(s): [12, 22]

pen - pen, Definition(s): n.: A feather.; n.: A wing.; n.: An instrument used for writing with ink formerly made of a reed or of the quill of a goose or other bird but now also of other materials as of steel gold etc. Also originally a stylus or other instrument for scratching or graving.; n.: Fig.: A writer or his style; as he has a sharp pen.; n.: The internal shell of a squid.; n.: A female swan.; v. t.: To write; to compose and commit to paper; to indite; to compose; as to pen a sonnet.; n. & v.: To shut up as in a pen or cage; to confine in a small inclosure or narrow space; to coop up or shut in; to inclose.; n.: A small inclosure; as a pen for sheep or for pigs.
Found on page(s): [21]

hath - hath, Definition(s): 3d pers. sing. pres.: Has.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 29, 30, 33, 35, 36, 37, 38, 40, 46, 48, 49, 51, 54, 55]

flow - flow, Definition(s): : imp. sing. of Fly v. i.; v. i.: To move with a continual change of place among the particles or parts as a fluid; to change place or circulate as a liquid; as rivers flow from springs and lakes; tears flow from the eyes.; v. i.: To become liquid; to melt.; v. i.: To proceed; to issue forth; as wealth flows from industry and economy.; v. i.: To glide along smoothly without harshness or asperties; as a flowing period; flowing numbers; to sound smoothly to the ear; to be uttered easily.; v. i.: To have or be in abundance; to abound; to full so as to run or flow over; to be copious.; v. i.: To hang loose and waving; as a flowing mantle; flowing locks.; v. i.: To rise as the tide; -- opposed to ebb; as the tide flows twice in twenty-four hours.; v. i.: To discharge blood in excess from the uterus.; v. t.: To cover with water or other liquid; to overflow; to inundate; to flood.; v. t.: To cover with varnish.; n.: A stream of water or other fluid; a current; as a flow of water; a flow of blood.; n.: A continuous movement of something abundant; as a flow of words.; n.: Any gentle gradual movement or procedure of thought diction music or the like resembling the quiet steady movement of a river; a stream.; n.: The tidal setting in of the water from the ocean to the shore. See Ebb and flow under Ebb.; n.: A low-lying piece of watery land; -- called also flow moss and flow bog.
Found on page(s): [15, 52, 54]

cordial - cordial, Definition(s): a.: Proceeding from the heart.; a.: Hearty; sincere; warm; affectionate.; a.: Tending to revive cheer or invigorate; giving strength or spirits.; n.: Anything that comforts gladdens and exhilarates.; n.: Any invigorating and stimulating preparation; as a peppermint cordial.; n.: Aromatized and sweetened spirit used as a beverage; a liqueur.
Found on page(s): [52]

proceed - proceed, Definition(s): v. i.: To move pass or go forward or onward; to advance; to continue or renew motion begun; as to proceed on a journey.; v. i.: To pass from one point topic or stage to another; as to proceed with a story or argument.; v. i.: To issue or come forth as from a source or origin; to come from; as light proceeds from the sun.; v. i.: To go on in an orderly or regulated manner; to begin and carry on a series of acts or measures; to act by method; to prosecute a design.; v. i.: To be transacted; to take place; to occur.; v. i.: To have application or effect; to operate.; v. i.: To begin and carry on a legal process.; n.: See Proceeds.
Found on page(s): [8]

went - went, Definition(s): : of Wend.; : imp. & p. p. of Wend; -- now obsolete except as the imperfect of go with which it has no etymological connection. See Go.; n.: Course; way; path; journey; direction.
Found on page(s): [36]

musical - musical, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to music; having the qualities of music; or the power of producing music; devoted to music; melodious; harmonious; as musical proportion; a musical voice; musical instruments; a musical sentence; musical persons.; n.: Music.; n.: A social entertainment of which music is the leading feature; a musical party.
Found on page(s): [39]

distant - distant, Definition(s): a.: Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.; a.: Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place time consanguinity or connection; as distant times; distant relatives.; a.: Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty; as a distant manner.; a.: Indistinct; faint; obscure as from distance.; a.: Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant; as a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
Found on page(s): [7, 36, 41]

birth - birth, Definition(s): n.: The act or fact of coming into life or of being born; -- generally applied to human beings; as the birth of a son.; n.: Lineage; extraction; descent; sometimes high birth; noble extraction.; n.: The condition to which a person is born; natural state or position; inherited disposition or tendency.; n.: The act of bringing forth; as she had two children at a birth.; n.: That which is born; that which is produced whether animal or vegetable.; n.: Origin; beginning; as the birth of an empire.; n.: See Berth.
Found on page(s): [35, 41, 43, 48]

hast - hast, Definition(s): : of Have.
Found on page(s): [3, 17, 27, 30, 55]

gore - gore, Definition(s): n.: Dirt; mud.; n.: Blood; especially blood that after effusion has become thick or clotted.; v.: A wedgeshaped or triangular piece of cloth canvas etc. sewed into a garment sail etc. to give greater width at a particular part.; v.: A small traingular piece of land.; v.: One of the abatements. It is made of two curved lines meeting in an acute angle in the fesse point.; v. t.: To pierce or wound as with a horn; to penetrate with a pointed instrument as a spear; to stab.; v. t.: To cut in a traingular form; to piece with a gore; to provide with a gore; as to gore an apron.
Found on page(s): [22]

propose - propose, Definition(s): v.: To set forth.; v.: To offer for consideration discussion acceptance or adoption; as to propose terms of peace; to propose a question for discussion; to propose an alliance; to propose a person for office.; v.: To set before one's self or others as a purpose formed; hence to purpose; to intend.; v. i.: To speak; to converse.; v. i.: To form or declare a purpose or intention; to lay a scheme; to design; as man proposes but God disposes.; v. i.: To offer one's self in marriage.; n.: Talk; discourse.
Found on page(s): [18]

heaven - heaven, Definition(s): n.: The expanse of space surrounding the earth; esp. that which seems to be over the earth like a great arch or dome; the firmament; the sky; the place where the sun moon and stars appear; -- often used in the plural in this sense.; n.: The dwelling place of the Deity; the abode of bliss; the place or state of the blessed after death.; n.: The sovereign of heaven; God; also the assembly of the blessed collectively; -- used variously in this sense as in No. 2.; n.: Any place of supreme happiness or great comfort; perfect felicity; bliss; a sublime or exalted condition; as a heaven of delight.; v. t.: To place in happiness or bliss as if in heaven; to beatify.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 8, 11, 19, 29, 33, 36]

intelligence - intelligence, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of knowing; the exercise of the understanding.; n.: The capacity to know or understand; readiness of comprehension; the intellect as a gift or an endowment.; n.: Information communicated; news; notice; advice.; n.: Acquaintance; intercourse; familiarity.; n.: Knowledge imparted or acquired whether by study research or experience; general information.; n.: An intelligent being or spirit; -- generally applied to pure spirits; as a created intelligence.
Found on page(s): [4]

loving - loving, Definition(s): a.: Affectionate.; a.: Expressing love or kindness; as loving words.
Found on page(s): [38, 44, 48]

mantling - mantling, Definition(s): n.: The representation of a mantle or the drapery behind and around a coat of arms: -- called also lambrequin.
Found on page(s): [11, 53]

transparency - transparency, Definition(s): n.: The quality or condition of being transparent; transparence.; n.: That which is transparent; especially a picture painted on thin cloth or glass or impressed on porcelain or the like to be viewed by natural or artificial light which shines through it.
Found on page(s): [7]

ensue - ensue, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow; to pursue; to follow and overtake.; v. i.: To follow or come afterward; to follow as a consequence or in chronological succession; to result; as an ensuing conclusion or effect; the year ensuing was a cold one.
Found on page(s): [36]

vacancy - vacancy, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being vacant; emptiness; hence freedom from employment; intermission; leisure; idleness; listlessness.; n.: That which is vacant.; n.: Empty space; vacuity; vacuum.; n.: An open or unoccupied space between bodies or things; an interruption of continuity; chasm; gap; as a vacancy between buildings; a vacancy between sentences or thoughts.; n.: Unemployed time; interval of leisure; time of intermission; vacation.; n.: A place or post unfilled; an unoccupied office; as a vacancy in the senate in a school etc.
Found on page(s): [9]

averse - averse, Definition(s): a.: Turned away or backward.; a.: Having a repugnance or opposition of mind; disliking; disinclined; unwilling; reluctant.; v. t. & i.: To turn away.
Found on page(s): [28]

hundred - hundred, Definition(s): n.: The product of ten mulitplied by ten or the number of ten times ten; a collection or sum consisting of ten times ten units or objects; five score. Also a symbol representing one hundred units as 100 or C.; n.: A division of a country in England supposed to have originally contained a hundred families or freemen.; a.: Ten times ten; five score; as a hundred dollars.
Found on page(s): [20, 21, 33, 41]

wait - wait, Definition(s): v. i.: To watch; to observe; to take notice.; v. i.: To stay or rest in expectation; to stop or remain stationary till the arrival of some person or event; to rest in patience; to stay; not to depart.; v. t.: To stay for; to rest or remain stationary in expectation of; to await; as to wait orders.; v. t.: To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany; to await.; v. t.: To attend on; to accompany; especially to attend with ceremony or respect.; v. t.: To cause to wait; to defer; to postpone; -- said of a meal; as to wait dinner.; v. i.: The act of waiting; a delay; a halt.; v. i.: Ambush.; v. i.: One who watches; a watchman.; v. i.: Hautboys or oboes played by town musicians; not used in the singular.; v. i.: Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.
Found on page(s): [23, 34]

circuit - circuit, Definition(s): n.: The act of moving or revolving around or as in a circle or orbit; a revolution; as the periodical circuit of the earth round the sun.; n.: The circumference of or distance round any space; the measure of a line round an area.; n.: That which encircles anything as a ring or crown.; n.: The space inclosed within a circle or within limits.; n.: A regular or appointed journeying from place to place in the exercise of one's calling as of a judge or a preacher.; n.: A certain division of a state or country established by law for a judge or judges to visit for the administration of justice.; n.: A district in which an itinerant preacher labors.; n.: Circumlocution.; v. i.: To move in a circle; to go round; to circulate.; v. t.: To travel around.
Found on page(s): [28, 38, 52]

dispensation - dispensation, Definition(s): n.: The act of dispensing or dealing out; distribution; often used of the distribution of good and evil by God to man or more generically of the acts and modes of his administration.; n.: A system of principles promises and rules ordained and administered; scheme; economy; as the Patriarchal Mosaic and Christian dispensations.; n.: The relaxation of a law in a particular case; permission to do something forbidden or to omit doing something enjoined; specifically in the Roman Catholic Church exemption from some ecclesiastical law or obligation to God which a man has incurred of his own free will (oaths vows etc.).
Found on page(s): [45]

queen - queen, Definition(s): n.: The wife of a king.; n.: A woman who is the sovereign of a kingdom; a female monarch; as Elizabeth queen of England; Mary queen of Scots.; n.: A woman eminent in power or attractions; the highest of her kind; as a queen in society; -- also used figuratively of cities countries etc.; n.: The fertile or fully developed female of social bees ants and termites.; n.: The most powerful and except the king the most important piece in a set of chessmen.; n.: A playing card bearing the picture of a queen; as the queen of spades.; n.: A male homosexual esp. one who is effeminate or dresses in women's clothing.; v. i.: To act the part of a queen.; v. i.: To make a queen (or other piece at the player's discretion) of by moving it to the eighth row; as to queen a pawn.
Found on page(s): [23]

lustrous - lustrous, Definition(s): a.: Bright; shining; luminous.
Found on page(s): [33]

magnificent - magnificent, Definition(s): a.: Doing grand things; admirable in action; displaying great power or opulence especially in building way of living and munificence.; a.: Grand in appearance; exhibiting grandeur or splendor; splendid' pompous.
Found on page(s): [26]

elysian - elysian, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining or the abode of the blessed after death; hence yielding the highest pleasures; exceedingly delightful; beatific.
Found on page(s): [55]

matter - matter, Definition(s): n.: That of which anything is composed; constituent substance; material; the material or substantial part of anything; the constituent elements of conception; that into which a notion may be analyzed; the essence; the pith; the embodiment.; n.: That of which the sensible universe and all existent bodies are composed; anything which has extension occupies space or is perceptible by the senses; body; substance.; n.: That with regard to or about which anything takes place or is done; the thing aimed at treated of or treated; subject of action discussion consideration feeling complaint legal action or the like; theme.; n.: That which one has to treat or with which one has to do; concern; affair; business.; n.: Affair worthy of account; thing of consequence; importance; significance; moment; -- chiefly in the phrases what matter ? no matter and the like.; n.: Inducing cause or occasion especially of anything disagreeable or distressing; difficulty; trouble.; n.: Amount; quantity; portion; space; -- often indefinite.; n.: Substance excreted from living animal bodies; that which is thrown out or discharged in a tumor boil or abscess; pus; purulent substance.; n.: That which is permanent or is supposed to be given and in or upon which changes are effected by psychological or physical processes and relations; -- opposed to form.; n.: Written manuscript or anything to be set in type; copy; also type set up and ready to be used or which has been used in printing.; v. i.: To be of importance; to import; to signify.; v. i.: To form pus or matter as an abscess; to maturate.; v. t.: To regard as important; to take account of; to care for.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 7, 17, 24, 36]

inexpressive - inexpressive, Definition(s): a.: Inexpressible.; a.: Without expression or meaning; not expressive; dull; unintelligent; as an inexpressive countenance.
Found on page(s): [34]

native - native, Definition(s): a.: Arising by birth; having an origin; born.; a.: Of or pertaining to one's birth; natal; belonging to the place or the circumstances in which one is born; -- opposed to foreign; as native land language color etc.; a.: Born in the region in which one lives; as a native inhabitant race; grown or originating in the region where used or sold; not foreign or imported; as native oysters or strawberries.; a.: Original; constituting the original substance of anything; as native dust.; a.: Conferred by birth; derived from origin; born with one; inherent; inborn; not acquired; as native genius cheerfulness simplicity rights etc.; a.: Naturally related; cognate; connected (with).; a.: Found in nature uncombined with other elements; as native silver.; a.: Found in nature; not artificial; as native sodium chloride.; n.: One who or that which is born in a place or country referred to; a denizen by birth; an animal a fruit or vegetable produced in a certain region; as a native of France.; n.: Any of the live stock found in a region as distinguished from such as belong to pure and distinct imported breeds.
Found on page(s): [22]

peer - peer, Definition(s): v. i.: To come in sight; to appear.; v. i.: To look narrowly or curiously or intently; to peep; as the peering day.; n.: One of the same rank quality endowments character etc.; an equal; a match; a mate.; n.: A comrade; a companion; a fellow; an associate.; n.: A nobleman; a member of one of the five degrees of the British nobility namely duke marquis earl viscount baron; as a peer of the realm.; v. t.: To make equal in rank.; v. t.: To be or to assume to be equal.
Found on page(s): [3, 46, 49, 52]

wain - wain, Definition(s): n.: A four-wheeled vehicle for the transportation of goods produce etc.; a wagon.; n.: A chariot.
Found on page(s): [47]

costly - costly, Definition(s): a.: Of great cost; expensive; dear.; a.: Gorgeous; sumptuous.
Found on page(s): [33]

violence - violence, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force.; n.: Injury done to that which is entitled to respect reverence or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault.; n.: Ravishment; rape; constupration.; v. t.: To assault; to injure; also to bring by violence; to compel.
Found on page(s): [12, 13, 14]

laid - laid, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Lay.
Found on page(s): [30, 35, 42, 46]

contented - contented, Definition(s): a.: Content; easy in mind; satisfied; quiet; willing.
Found on page(s): [20]

scepter - scepter, Definition(s): n.: Alt.; v. t.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [30]

spirit - spirit, Definition(s): n.: Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence sometimes life itself.; n.: A rough breathing; an aspirate as the letter h; also a mark to denote aspiration; a breathing.; n.: Life or living substance considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence force or energy as distinct from matter.; n.: The intelligent immaterial and immortal part of man; the soul in distinction from the body in which it resides; the agent or subject of vital and spiritual functions whether spiritual or material.; n.: Specifically a disembodied soul; the human soul after it has left the body.; n.: Any supernatural being good or bad; an apparition; a specter; a ghost; also sometimes a sprite; a fairy; an elf.; n.: Energy vivacity ardor enthusiasm courage etc.; n.: One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper; as a ruling spirit; a schismatic spirit.; n.: Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state; -- often in the plural; as to be cheerful or in good spirits; to be downhearted or in bad spirits.; n.: Intent; real meaning; -- opposed to the letter or to formal statement; also characteristic quality especially such as is derived from the individual genius or the personal character; as the spirit of an enterprise of a document or the like.; n.: Tenuous volatile airy or vapory substance possessed of active qualities.; n.: Any liquid produced by distillation; especially alcohol the spirits or spirit of wine (it having been first distilled from wine): -- often in the plural.; n.: Rum whisky brandy gin and other distilled liquors having much alcohol in distinction from wine and malt liquors.; n.: A solution in alcohol of a volatile principle. Cf. Tincture.; n.: Any one of the four substances sulphur sal ammoniac quicksilver or arsenic (or according to some orpiment).; n.: Stannic chloride. See under Stannic.; v. t.: To animate with vigor; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit; as civil dissensions often spirit the ambition of private men; -- sometimes followed by up.; v. t.: To convey rapidly and secretly or mysteriously as if by the agency of a spirit; to kidnap; -- often with away or off.
Found on page(s): [3, 8, 10, 15, 19, 30, 32, 34, 37, 39, 42, 50, 51, 55]

intellectual - intellectual, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to or performed by the intellect; mental; as intellectual powers activities etc.; a.: Endowed with intellect; having the power of understanding; having capacity for the higher forms of knowledge or thought; characterized by intelligence or mental capacity; as an intellectual person.; a.: Suitable for exercising the intellect; formed by and existing for the intellect alone; perceived by the intellect; as intellectual employments.; a.: Relating to the understanding; treating of the mind; as intellectual philosophy sometimes called mental philosophy.; n.: The intellect or understanding; mental powers or faculties.
Found on page(s): [8, 13, 17, 29, 31]

lair - lair, Definition(s): n.: A place in which to lie or rest; especially the bed or couch of a wild beast.; n.: A burying place.; n.: A pasture; sometimes food.
Found on page(s): [16]

produce - produce, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward; to lead forth; to offer to view or notice; to exhibit; to show; as to produce a witness or evidence in court.; v. t.: To bring forth as young or as a natural product or growth; to give birth to; to bear; to generate; to propagate; to yield; to furnish; as the earth produces grass; trees produce fruit; the clouds produce rain.; v. t.: To cause to be or to happen; to originate as an effect or result; to bring about; as disease produces pain; vice produces misery.; v. t.: To give being or form to; to manufacture; to make; as a manufacturer produces excellent wares.; v. t.: To yield or furnish; to gain; as money at interest produces an income; capital produces profit.; v. t.: To draw out; to extend; to lengthen; to prolong; as to produce a man's life to threescore.; v. t.: To extend; -- applied to a line surface or solid; as to produce a side of a triangle.; v. i.: To yield or furnish appropriate offspring crops effects consequences or results.; n.: agricultural products.
Found on page(s): [8, 48]

warmer - warmer, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which warms.
Found on page(s): [52]

messenger - messenger, Definition(s): n.: One who bears a message; the bearer of a verbal or written communication notice or invitation from one person to another or to a public body; specifically an office servant who bears messages.; n.: One who or that which foreshows or foretells.; n.: A hawser passed round the capstan and having its two ends lashed together to form an endless rope or chain; -- formerly used for heaving in the cable.; n.: A person appointed to perform certain ministerial duties under bankrupt and insolvent laws such as to take charge og the estate of the bankrupt or insolvent.
Found on page(s): [45]

courteously - courteously, Definition(s): adv.: In a courteous manner.
Found on page(s): [46]

regard - regard, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon.; v. t.: Hence to look or front toward; to face.; v. t.: To look closely at; to observe attentively; to pay attention to; to notice or remark particularly.; v. t.: To look upon as in a certain relation; to hold as an popinion; to consider; as to regard abstinence from wine as a duty; to regard another as a friend or enemy.; v. t.: To consider and treat; to have a certain feeling toward; as to regard one with favor or dislike.; v. t.: To pay respect to; to treat as something of peculiar value sanctity or the like; to care for; to esteem.; v. t.: To take into consideration; to take account of as a fact or condition.; v. t.: To have relation to as bearing upon; to respect; to relate to; to touch; as an argument does not regard the question; -- often used impersonally; as I agree with you as regards this or that.; v. i.: To look attentively; to consider; to notice.; v. t.: A look; aspect directed to another; view; gaze.; v. t.: Attention of the mind with a feeling of interest; observation; heed; notice.; v. t.: That view of the mind which springs from perception of value estimable qualities or anything that excites admiration; respect; esteem; reverence; affection; as to have a high regard for a person; -- often in the plural.; v. t.: State of being regarded whether favorably or otherwise; estimation; repute; note; account.; v. t.: Consideration; thought; reflection; heed.; v. t.: Matter for consideration; account; condition.; v. t.: Respect; relation; reference.; v. t.: Object of sight; scene; view; aspect.; v. t.: Supervision; inspection.
Found on page(s): [25, 41]

twain - twain, Definition(s): a. & n.: Two; -- nearly obsolete in common discourse but used in poetry and burlesque.
Found on page(s): [43, 52]

rose - rose, Definition(s): : imp. of Rise.; n.: A knot of ribbon formed like a rose; a rose knot; a rosette esp. one worn on a shoe.; n.: A rose window. See Rose window below.; n.: A perforated nozzle as of a pipe spout etc. for delivering water in fine jets; a rosehead; also a strainer at the foot of a pump.; n.: The erysipelas.; n.: The card of the mariner's compass; also a circular card with radiating lines used in other instruments.; n.: The color of a rose; rose-red; pink.; n.: A diamond. See Rose diamond below.; v. t.: To render rose-colored; to redden; to flush.; v. t.: To perfume as with roses.
Found on page(s): [50, 52]

mirth - mirth, Definition(s): n.: Merriment; gayety accompanied with laughter; jollity.; n.: That which causes merriment.
Found on page(s): [23, 35, 51]

thousand - thousand, Definition(s): n.: The number of ten hundred; a collection or sum consisting of ten times one hundred units or objects.; n.: Hence indefinitely a great number.; n.: A symbol representing one thousand units; as 1000 M or CI/.; a.: Consisting of ten hundred; being ten times one hundred.; a.: Hence consisting of a great number indefinitely.
Found on page(s): [14, 19, 41]

sanctus - sanctus, Definition(s): n.: A part of the Mass or in Protestant churches a part of the communion service of which the first words in Latin are Sanctus sanctus sanctus [Holy holy holy]; -- called also Tersanctus.; n.: An anthem composed for these words.
Found on page(s): [24]

threefold - threefold, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of three or thrice repeated; triple; as threefold justice.
Found on page(s): [2]

almost - almost, Definition(s): adv.: Nearly; well nigh; all but; for the greatest part.
Found on page(s): [2, 5]

arrow - arrow, Definition(s): n.: A missile weapon of offense slender pointed and usually feathered and barbed to be shot from a bow.
Found on page(s): [19]

equally - equally, Definition(s): adv.: In an equal manner or degree in equal shares or proportion; with equal and impartial justice; without difference; alike; evenly; justly; as equally taxed furnished etc.
Found on page(s): [12, 13]

celestial - celestial, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to the aerial regions or visible heavens.; a.: Of or pertaining to the spiritual heaven; heavenly; divine.; n.: An inhabitant of heaven.; n.: A native of China.
Found on page(s): [9, 13, 16, 25, 26, 28, 29, 31, 37, 49]

manner - manner, Definition(s): n.: Mode of action; way of performing or effecting anything; method; style; form; fashion.; n.: Characteristic mode of acting conducting carrying one's self or the like; bearing; habitual style.; n.: Customary method of acting; habit.; n.: Carriage; behavior; deportment; also becoming behavior; well-bred carriage and address.; n.: The style of writing or thought of an author; characteristic peculiarity of an artist.; n.: Certain degree or measure; as it is in a manner done already.; n.: Sort; kind; style; -- in this application sometimes having the sense of a plural sorts or kinds.
Found on page(s): [7, 43]

angelical - angelical, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to or proceeding from angels; resembling characteristic of or partaking of the nature of an angel; heavenly; divine.
Found on page(s): [39]

pray - pray, Definition(s): n. & v.: See Pry.; v. i.: To make request with earnestness or zeal as for something desired; to make entreaty or supplication; to offer prayer to a deity or divine being as a religious act; specifically to address the Supreme Being with adoration confession supplication and thanksgiving.; v. t.: To address earnest request to; to supplicate; to entreat; to implore; to beseech.; v. t.: To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for.; v. t.: To effect or accomplish by praying; as to pray a soul out of purgatory.
Found on page(s): [2, 6]

harmful - harmful, Definition(s): a.: Full of harm; injurious; hurtful; mischievous.
Found on page(s): [14]

earthly - earthly, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the earth; belonging to this world or to man's existence on the earth; not heavenly or spiritual; carnal; worldly; as earthly joys; earthly flowers; earthly praise.; a.: Of all things on earth; possible; conceivable.; a.: Made of earth; earthy.; adv.: In the manner of the earth or its people; worldly.
Found on page(s): [16]

plead - plead, Definition(s): : of Plead.; v. t.: To argue in support of a claim or in defense against the claim of another; to urge reasons for or against a thing; to attempt to persuade one by argument or supplication; to speak by way of persuasion; as to plead for the life of a criminal; to plead with a judge or with a father.; v. t.: To present an answer by allegation of fact to the declaration of a plaintiff; to deny the plaintiff's declaration and demand or to allege facts which show that ought not to recover in the suit; in a less strict sense to make an allegation of fact in a cause; to carry on the allegations of the respective parties in a cause; to carry on a suit or plea.; v. t.: To contend; to struggle.; v. t.: To discuss defend and attempt to maintain by arguments or reasons presented to a tribunal or person having uthority to determine; to argue at the bar; as to plead a cause before a court or jury.; v. t.: To allege or cite in a legal plea or defense or for repelling a demand in law; to answer to an indictment; as to plead usury; to plead statute of limitations; to plead not guilty.; v. t.: To allege or adduce in proof support or vendication; to offer in excuse; as the law of nations may be pleaded in favor of the rights of ambassadors.
Found on page(s): [21]

stricken - stricken, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Struck; smitten; wounded; as the stricken deer.; n.: Worn out; far gone; advanced. See Strike v. t. 21.; v. t.: Whole; entire; -- said of the hour as marked by the striking of a clock.; : of Strike.
Found on page(s): [34]

judgment - judgment, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of judging; the operation of the mind involving comparison and discrimination by which a knowledge of the values and relations of thins whether of moral qualities intellectual concepts logical propositions or material facts is obtained; as by careful judgment he avoided the peril; by a series of wrong judgments he forfeited confidence.; v. i.: The power or faculty of performing such operations (see 1); esp. when unqualified the faculty of judging or deciding rightly justly or wisely; good sense; as a man of judgment; a politician without judgment.; v. i.: The conclusion or result of judging; an opinion; a decision.; v. i.: The act of determining as in courts of law what is conformable to law and justice; also the determination decision or sentence of a court or of a judge; the mandate or sentence of God as the judge of all.; v. i.: That act of the mind by which two notions or ideas which are apprehended as distinct are compared for the purpose of ascertaining their agreement or disagreement. See 1. The comparison may be threefold: (1) Of individual objects forming a concept. (2) Of concepts giving what is technically called a judgment. (3) Of two judgments giving an inference. Judgments have been further classed as analytic synthetic and identical.; v. i.: That power or faculty by which knowledge dependent upon comparison and discrimination is acquired. See 2.; v. i.: A calamity regarded as sent by God by way of recompense for wrong committed; a providential punishment.; v. i.: The final award; the last sentence.
Found on page(s): [9, 14, 49, 50]

charity - charity, Definition(s): n.: Love; universal benevolence; good will.; n.: Liberality in judging of men and their actions; a disposition which inclines men to put the best construction on the words and actions of others.; n.: Liberality to the poor and the suffering to benevolent institutions or to worthy causes; generosity.; n.: Whatever is bestowed gratuitously on the needy or suffering for their relief; alms; any act of kindness.; n.: A charitable institution or a gift to create and support such an institution; as Lady Margaret's charity.; n.: Eleemosynary appointments [grants or devises] including relief of the poor or friendless education religious culture and public institutions.
Found on page(s): [10, 11, 47]

paean - paean, Definition(s): n.: An ancient Greek hymn in honor of Apollo as a healing deity and later a song addressed to other deities.; n.: Any loud and joyous song; a song of triumph.; n.: See Paeon.
Found on page(s): [47]

hosanna - hosanna, Definition(s): n.: A Hebrew exclamation of praise to the Lord or an invocation of blessings.
Found on page(s): [24, 29]

raise - raise, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to rise; to bring from a lower to a higher place; to lift upward; to elevate; to heave; as to raise a stone or weight.; v. t.: To bring to a higher condition or situation; to elevate in rank dignity and the like; to increase the value or estimation of; to promote; to exalt; to advance; to enhance; as to raise from a low estate; to raise to office; to raise the price and the like.; v. t.: To increase the strength vigor or vehemence of; to excite; to intensify; to invigorate; to heighten; as to raise the pulse; to raise the voice; to raise the spirits or the courage; to raise the heat of a furnace.; v. t.: To elevate in degree according to some scale; as to raise the pitch of the voice; to raise the temperature of a room.; v. t.: To cause to rise up or assume an erect position or posture; to set up; to make upright; as to raise a mast or flagstaff.; v. t.: To cause to spring up from a recumbent position from a state of quiet or the like; to awaken; to arouse.; v. t.: To rouse to action; to stir up; to incite to tumult struggle or war; to excite.; v. t.: To bring up from the lower world; to call up as a spirit from the world of spirits; to recall from death; to give life to.; v. t.: To cause to arise grow up or come into being or to appear; to give rise to; to originate produce cause effect or the like.; v. t.: To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect; as to raise a lofty structure a wall a heap of stones.; v. t.: To bring together; to collect; to levy; to get together or obtain for use or service; as to raise money troops and the like.; v. t.: To cause to grow; to procure to be produced bred or propagated; to grow; as to raise corn barley hops etc.; toraise cattle.; v. t.: To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise come forth or appear; -- often with up.; v. t.: To give rise to; to set agoing; to occasion; to start; to originate; as to raise a smile or a blush.; v. t.: To give vent or utterance to; to utter; to strike up.; v. t.: To bring to notice; to submit for consideration; as to raise a point of order; to raise an objection.; v. t.: To cause to rise as by the effect of leaven; to make light and spongy as bread.; v. t.: To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it; as to raise Sandy Hook light.; v. t.: To let go; as in the command Raise tacks and sheets i. e. Let go tacks and sheets.; v. t.: To create or constitute; as to raise a use that is to create it.
Found on page(s): [26, 36, 51]

engarland - engarland, Definition(s): v. t.: To encircle with a garland or with garlands.
Found on page(s): [34]

quite - quite, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: See Quit.; a.: Completely; wholly; entirely; totally; perfectly; as the work is not quite done; the object is quite accomplished; to be quite mistaken.; a.: To a great extent or degree; very; very much; considerably.
Found on page(s): [10]

begirt - begirt, Definition(s): v. t.: To encompass; to begird.
Found on page(s): [55]

beneath - beneath, Definition(s): prep.: Lower in place with something directly over or on; under; underneath; hence at the foot of.; prep.: Under in relation to something that is superior or that oppresses or burdens.; prep.: Lower in rank dignity or excellence than; as brutes are beneath man; man is beneath angels in the scale of beings. Hence: Unworthy of; unbecoming.; adv.: In a lower place; underneath.; adv.: Below as opposed to heaven or to any superior region or position; as in earth beneath.
Found on page(s): [21, 23, 36, 41]

void - void, Definition(s): a.: Containing nothing; empty; vacant; not occupied; not filled.; a.: Having no incumbent; unoccupied; -- said of offices and the like.; a.: Being without; destitute; free; wanting; devoid; as void of learning or of common use.; a.: Not producing any effect; ineffectual; vain.; a.: Containing no immaterial quality; destitute of mind or soul.; a.: Of no legal force or effect incapable of confirmation or ratification; null. Cf. Voidable 2.; n.: An empty space; a vacuum.; a.: To remove the contents of; to make or leave vacant or empty; to quit; to leave; as to void a table.; a.: To throw or send out; to evacuate; to emit; to discharge; as to void excrements.; a.: To render void; to make to be of no validity or effect; to vacate; to annul; to nullify.; v. i.: To be emitted or evacuated.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 10, 15, 26]

lay - lay, Definition(s): imp.: of Lie to recline.; a.: Of or pertaining to the laity as distinct from the clergy; as a lay person; a lay preacher; a lay brother.; a.: Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.; a.: Not belonging to or emanating from a particular profession; unprofessional; as a lay opinion regarding the nature of a disease.; n.: The laity; the common people.; n.: A meadow. See Lea.; n.: Faith; creed; religious profession.; n.: A law.; n.: An obligation; a vow.; a.: A song; a simple lyrical poem; a ballad.; a.: A melody; any musical utterance.; v. t.: To cause to lie down to be prostrate or to lie against something; to put or set down; to deposit; as to lay a book on the table; to lay a body in the grave; a shower lays the dust.; v. t.: To place in position; to establish firmly; to arrange with regularity; to dispose in ranks or tiers; as to lay a corner stone; to lay bricks in a wall; to lay the covers on a table.; v. t.: To prepare; to make ready; to contrive; to provide; as to lay a snare an ambush or a plan.; v. t.: To spread on a surface; as to lay plaster or paint.; v. t.: To cause to be still; to calm; to allay; to suppress; to exorcise as an evil spirit.; v. t.: To cause to lie dead or dying.; v. t.: To deposit as a wager; to stake; to risk.; v. t.: To bring forth and deposit; as to lay eggs.; v. t.: To apply; to put.; v. t.: To impose as a burden suffering or punishment; to assess as a tax; as to lay a tax on land.; v. t.: To impute; to charge; to allege.; v. t.: To impose as a command or a duty; as to lay commands on one.; v. t.: To present or offer; as to lay an indictment in a particular county; to lay a scheme before one.; v. t.: To state; to allege; as to lay the venue.; v. t.: To point; to aim; as to lay a gun.; v. t.: To put the strands of (a rope a cable etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them; as to lay a cable or rope.; v. t.: To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.; v. t.: To place (new type) properly in the cases.; v. i.: To produce and deposit eggs.; v. i.: To take a position; to come or go; as to lay forward; to lay aloft.; v. i.: To lay a wager; to bet.; n.: That which lies or is laid or is conceived of as having been laid or placed in its position; a row; a stratum; a layer; as a lay of stone or wood.; v. t.: A wager.; v. t.: A job price or profit.; v. t.: A share of the proceeds or profits of an enterprise; as when a man ships for a whaling voyage he agrees for a certain lay.; v. t.: A measure of yarn; a lea. See 1st Lea (a).; v. t.: The lathe of a loom. See Lathe 3.; v. t.: A plan; a scheme.
Found on page(s): [24, 40]

wert - wert, Definition(s): : The second person singular indicative and subjunctive moods imperfect tense of the verb be. It is formed from were with the ending -t after the analogy of wast. Now used only in solemn or poetic style.; n.: A wart.
Found on page(s): [34]

lest - lest, Definition(s): v. i.: To listen.; n.: Lust; desire; pleasure.; a.: Last; least.; a.: For fear that; that . . . not; in order that . . . not.; a.: That (without the negative particle); -- after certain expressions denoting fear or apprehension.
Found on page(s): [30, 31]

crave - crave, Definition(s): v. t.: To ask with earnestness or importunity; to ask with submission or humility; to beg; to entreat; to beseech; to implore.; v. t.: To call for as a gratification; to long for; hence to require or demand; as the stomach craves food.; v. i.: To desire strongly; to feel an insatiable longing; as a craving appetite.
Found on page(s): [19]

pardon - pardon, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of pardoning; forgiveness as of an offender or of an offense; release from penalty; remission of punishment; absolution.; v. t.: An official warrant of remission of penalty.; v. t.: The state of being forgiven.; v. t.: A release by a sovereign or officer having jurisdiction from the penalties of an offense being distinguished from amenesty which is a general obliteration and canceling of a particular line of past offenses.; v. t.: To absolve from the consequences of a fault or the punishment of crime; to free from penalty; -- applied to the offender.; v. t.: To remit the penalty of; to suffer to pass without punishment; to forgive; -- applied to offenses.; v. t.: To refrain from exacting as a penalty.; v. t.: To give leave (of departure) to.
Found on page(s): [53]

revert - revert, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn back or to the contrary; to reverse.; v. t.: To throw back; to reflect; to reverberate.; v. t.: To change back. See Revert v. i.; v. i.: To return; to come back.; v. i.: To return to the proprietor after the termination of a particular estate granted by him.; v. i.: To return wholly or in part towards some preexistent form; to take on the traits or characters of an ancestral type.; v. i.: To change back as from a soluble to an insoluble state or the reverse; thus phosphoric acid in certain fertilizers reverts.; n.: One who or that which reverts.
Found on page(s): [14]

sway - sway, Definition(s): v. i.: To move or wield with the hand; to swing; to wield; as to sway the scepter.; v. i.: To influence or direct by power and authority; by persuasion or by moral force; to rule; to govern; to guide.; v. i.: To cause to incline or swing to one side or backward and forward; to bias; to turn; to bend; warp; as reeds swayed by wind; judgment swayed by passion.; v. i.: To hoist; as to sway up the yards.; v. i.: To be drawn to one side by weight or influence; to lean; to incline.; v. i.: To move or swing from side to side; or backward and forward.; v. i.: To have weight or influence.; v. i.: To bear sway; to rule; to govern.; n.: The act of swaying; a swaying motion; the swing or sweep of a weapon.; n.: Influence weight or authority that inclines to one side; as the sway of desires.; n.: Preponderance; turn or cast of balance.; n.: Rule; dominion; control.; n.: A switch or rod used by thatchers to bind their work.
Found on page(s): [35]

successive - successive, Definition(s): a.: Following in order or in uninterrupted course; coming after without interruption or interval; following one after another in a line or series; consecutive; as the successive revolution of years; the successive kings of Egypt; successive strokes of a hammer.; a.: Having or giving the right of succeeding to an inheritance; inherited by succession; hereditary; as a successive title; a successive empire.
Found on page(s): [20]

army - army, Definition(s): n.: A collection or body of men armed for war esp. one organized in companies battalions regiments brigades and divisions under proper officers.; n.: A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as the Blue Ribbon Army.; n.: A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Found on page(s): [44]

condition - condition, Definition(s): n.: Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external circumstances or influences or to physical or mental integrity health strength etc.; predicament; rank; position estate.; n.: Essential quality; property; attribute.; n.: Temperament; disposition; character.; n.: That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something else; that which is requisite in order that something else should take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms specified.; n.: A clause in a contract or agreement which has for its object to suspend to defeat or in some way to modify the principal obligation; or in case of a will to suspend revoke or modify a devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event which may or may not happen and on the occurrence or non-occurrence of which the accomplishment recission or modification of an obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend.; v. i.: To make terms; to stipulate.; v. i.: To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.; n.: To invest with or limit by conditions; to burden or qualify by a condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.; n.: To contract; to stipulate; to agree.; n.: To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college; as to condition a student who has failed in some branch of study.; n.: To test or assay as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains).; n.: train; acclimate.
Found on page(s): [10]

anew - anew, Definition(s): adv.: Over again; another time; in a new form; afresh; as to arm anew; to create anew.
Found on page(s): [38]

snow - snow, Definition(s): n.: A square-rigged vessel differing from a brig only in that she has a trysail mast close abaft the mainmast on which a large trysail is hoisted.; n.: Watery particles congealed into white or transparent crystals or flakes in the air and falling to the earth exhibiting a great variety of very beautiful and perfect forms.; n.: Fig.: Something white like snow as the white color (argent) in heraldry; something which falls in or as in flakes.; v. i.: To fall in or as snow; -- chiefly used impersonally; as it snows; it snowed yesterday.; v. t.: To scatter like snow; to cover with or as with snow.
Found on page(s): [7]

mounting - mounting, Definition(s): n.: The act of one that mounts.; n.: That by which anything is prepared for use or set off to advantage; equipment; embellishment; setting; as the mounting of a sword or diamond.
Found on page(s): [55]

shining - shining, Definition(s): a.: Emitting light esp. in a continuous manner; radiant; as shining lamps; also bright by the reflection of light; as shining armor.; a.: Splendid; illustrious; brilliant; distinguished; conspicious; as a shining example of charity.; a.: Having the surface smooth and polished; -- said of leaves the surfaces of shells etc.; n.: Emission or reflection of light.
Found on page(s): [25, 46]

arms - arms, Definition(s): n.: Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.; n.: The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.; n.: Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.; n.: The ensigns armorial of a family consisting of figures and colors borne in shields banners etc. as marks of dignity and distinction and descending from father to son.; n.: The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Found on page(s): [20, 30]

evil - evil, Definition(s): a.: Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.; a.: Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as evil conduct thoughts heart words and the like.; a.: Producing or threatening sorrow distress injury or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.; n.: Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.; n.: Moral badness or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience or by the will of the Supreme Being or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.; n.: malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil the scrofula.; adv.: In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Found on page(s): [18, 25, 29, 48]

absolve - absolve, Definition(s): v. t.: To set free or release as from some obligation debt or responsibility or from the consequences of guilt or such ties as it would be sin or guilt to violate; to pronounce free; as to absolve a subject from his allegiance; to absolve an offender which amounts to an acquittal and remission of his punishment.; v. t.: To free from a penalty; to pardon; to remit (a sin); -- said of the sin or guilt.; v. t.: To finish; to accomplish.; v. t.: To resolve or explain.
Found on page(s): [33]

rarity - rarity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being rare; rareness; thinness; as the rarity (contrasted with the density) of gases.; n.: That which is rare; an uncommon thing; a thing valued for its scarcity.
Found on page(s): [7]

became - became, Definition(s): : imp. of Become.
Found on page(s): [3, 12, 23]

rising - rising, Definition(s): a.: Attaining a higher place; taking or moving in an upward direction; appearing above the horizon; ascending; as the rising moon.; a.: Increasing in wealth power or distinction; as a rising state; a rising character.; a.: Growing; advancing to adult years and to the state of active life; as the rising generation.; prep.: More than; exceeding; upwards of; as a horse rising six years of age.; n.: The act of one who or that which rises (in any sense).; n.: That which rises; a tumor; a boil.
Found on page(s): [41]

impenitent - impenitent, Definition(s): a.: Not penitent; not repenting of sin; not contrite; of a hard heart.; n.: One who is not penitent.
Found on page(s): [33]

fruit - fruit, Definition(s): v. t.: Whatever is produced for the nourishment or enjoyment of man or animals by the processes of vegetable growth as corn grass cotton flax etc.; -- commonly used in the plural.; v. t.: The pulpy edible seed vessels of certain plants especially those grown on branches above ground as apples oranges grapes melons berries etc. See 3.; v. t.: The ripened ovary of a flowering plant with its contents and whatever parts are consolidated with it.; v. t.: The spore cases or conceptacles of flowerless plants as of ferns mosses algae etc. with the spores contained in them.; v. t.: The produce of animals; offspring; young; as the fruit of the womb of the loins of the body.; v. t.: That which is produced; the effect or consequence of any action; advantageous or desirable product or result; disadvantageous or evil consequence or effect; as the fruits of labor of self-denial of intemperance.; v. i.: To bear fruit.
Found on page(s): [44, 48]

cause - cause, Definition(s): v.: That which produces or effects a result; that from which anything proceeds and without which it would not exist.; v.: That which is the occasion of an action or state; ground; reason; motive; as cause for rejoicing.; v.: Sake; interest; advantage.; v.: A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action.; v.: Any subject of discussion or debate; matter; question; affair in general.; v.: The side of a question which is espoused advocated and upheld by a person or party; a principle which is advocated; that which a person or party seeks to attain.; n.: To effect as an agent; to produce; to be the occasion of; to bring about; to bring into existence; to make; -- usually followed by an infinitive sometimes by that with a finite verb.; v. i.: To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.; conj.: Abbreviation of Because.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 10, 13, 16, 22, 23, 29, 31, 33, 54]

muse - muse, Definition(s): n.: A gap or hole in a hedge hence wall or the like through which a wild animal is accustomed to pass; a muset.; n.: One of the nine goddesses who presided over song and the different kinds of poetry and also the arts and sciences; -- often used in the plural.; n.: A particular power and practice of poetry.; n.: A poet; a bard.; n.: To think closely; to study in silence; to meditate.; n.: To be absent in mind; to be so occupied in study or contemplation as not to observe passing scenes or things present; to be in a brown study.; n.: To wonder.; v. t.: To think on; to meditate on.; v. t.: To wonder at.; n.: Contemplation which abstracts the mind from passing scenes; absorbing thought; hence absence of mind; a brown study.; n.: Wonder or admiration.
Found on page(s): [30, 36, 55]

grievous - grievous, Definition(s): a.: Causing grief or sorrow; painful; afflictive; hard to bear; offensive; harmful.; a.: Characterized by great atrocity; heinous; aggravated; flagitious; as a grievous sin.; a.: Full of or expressing grief; showing great sorrow or affliction; as a grievous cry.
Found on page(s): [22, 24]

unity - unity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being one; oneness.; n.: Concord; harmony; conjunction; agreement; uniformity; as a unity of proofs; unity of doctrine.; n.: Any definite quantity or aggregate of quantities or magnitudes taken as one or for which 1 is made to stand in calculation; thus in a table of natural sines the radius of the circle is regarded as unity.; n.: In dramatic composition one of the principles by which a uniform tenor of story and propriety of representation are preserved; conformity in a composition to these; in oratory discourse etc. the due subordination and reference of every part to the development of the leading idea or the eastablishment of the main proposition.; n.: Such a combination of parts as to constitute a whole or a kind of symmetry of style and character.; n.: The peculiar characteristics of an estate held by several in joint tenancy.
Found on page(s): [8, 55]

sorely - sorely, Definition(s): adv.: In a sore manner; grievously; painfully; as to be sorely afflicted.
Found on page(s): [19, 33]

pursue - pursue, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow with a view to overtake; to follow eagerly or with haste; to chase; as to pursue a hare.; v. t.: To seek; to use or adopt measures to obtain; as to pursue a remedy at law.; v. t.: To proceed along with a view to some and or object; to follow; to go in; as Captain Cook pursued a new route; the administration pursued a wise course.; v. t.: To prosecute; to be engaged in; to continue.; v. t.: To follow as an example; to imitate.; v. t.: To follow with enmity; to persecute; to call to account.; v. i.: To go in pursuit; to follow.; v. i.: To go on; to proceed especially in argument or discourse; to continue.; v. i.: To follow a matter judicially as a complaining party; to act as a prosecutor.
Found on page(s): [6, 31]

teacher - teacher, Definition(s): n.: One who teaches or instructs; one whose business or occupation is to instruct others; an instructor; a tutor.; n.: One who instructs others in religion; a preacher; a minister of the gospel; sometimes one who preaches without regular ordination.
Found on page(s): [31]

vulgar - vulgar, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the mass or multitude of people; common; general; ordinary; public; hence in general use; vernacular.; a.: Belonging or relating to the common people as distinguished from the cultivated or educated; pertaining to common life; plebeian; not select or distinguished; hence sometimes of little or no value.; a.: Hence lacking cultivation or refinement; rustic; boorish; also offensive to good taste or refined feelings; low; coarse; mean; base; as vulgar men minds language or manners.; n.: One of the common people; a vulgar person.; n.: The vernacular or common language.
Found on page(s): [33]

quire - quire, Definition(s): n.: See Choir.; v. i.: To sing in concert.; n.: A collection of twenty-four sheets of paper of the same size and quality unfolded or having a single fold; one twentieth of a ream.
Found on page(s): [38]

kindred - kindred, Definition(s): n.: Relationship by birth or marriage; consanguinity; affinity; kin.; n.: Relatives by blood or marriage more properly the former; relations; persons related to each other.; a.: Related; congenial; of the like nature or properties; as kindred souls; kindred skies; kindred propositions.
Found on page(s): [52]

victim - victim, Definition(s): n.: A living being sacrificed to some deity or in the performance of a religious rite; a creature immolated or made an offering of.; n.: A person or thing destroyed or sacrificed in the pursuit of an object or in gratification of a passion; as a victim to jealousy lust or ambition.; n.: A person or living creature destroyed by or suffering grievous injury from another from fortune or from accident; as the victim of a defaulter; the victim of a railroad accident.; n.: Hence one who is duped or cheated; a dupe; a gull.
Found on page(s): [17]

redeem - redeem, Definition(s): v. t.: To purchase back; to regain possession of by payment of a stipulated price; to repurchase.; v. t.: To recall as an estate or to regain as mortgaged property by paying what may be due by force of the mortgage.; v. t.: To regain by performing the obligation or condition stated; to discharge the obligation mentioned in as a promissory note bond or other evidence of debt; as to redeem bank notes with coin.; v. t.: To ransom liberate or rescue from captivity or bondage or from any obligation or liability to suffer or to be forfeited by paying a price or ransom; to ransom; to rescue; to recover; as to redeem a captive a pledge and the like.; v. t.: Hence to rescue and deliver from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.; v. t.: To make good by performing fully; to fulfill; as to redeem one's promises.; v. t.: To pay the penalty of; to make amends for; to serve as an equivalent or offset for; to atone for; to compensate; as to redeem an error.
Found on page(s): [18]

conformity - conformity, Definition(s): n.: Correspondence in form manner or character; resemblance; agreement; congruity; -- followed by to with or between.; n.: Compliance with the usages of the Established Church.
Found on page(s): [25]

burn - burn, Definition(s): v. t.: To consume with fire; to reduce to ashes by the action of heat or fire; -- frequently intensified by up: as to burn up wood.; v. t.: To injure by fire or heat; to change destructively some property or properties of by undue exposure to fire or heat; to scorch; to scald; to blister; to singe; to char; to sear; as to burn steel in forging; to burn one's face in the sun; the sun burns the grass.; v. t.: To perfect or improve by fire or heat; to submit to the action of fire or heat for some economic purpose; to destroy or change some property or properties of by exposure to fire or heat in due degree for obtaining a desired residuum product or effect; to bake; as to burn clay in making bricks or pottery; to burn wood so as to produce charcoal; to burn limestone for the lime.; v. t.: To make or produce as an effect or result by the application of fire or heat; as to burn a hole; to burn charcoal; to burn letters into a block.; v. t.: To consume injure or change the condition of as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does; as to burn the mouth with pepper.; v. t.: To apply a cautery to; to cauterize.; v. t.: To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize; as a man burns a certain amount of carbon at each respiration; to burn iron in oxygen.; v. i.: To be of fire; to flame.; v. i.: To suffer from or be scorched by an excess of heat.; v. i.: To have a condition quality appearance sensation or emotion as if on fire or excessively heated; to act or rage with destructive violence; to be in a state of lively emotion or strong desire; as the face burns; to burn with fever.; v. i.: To combine energetically with evolution of heat; as copper burns in chlorine.; v. i.: In certain games to approach near to a concealed object which is sought.; n.: A hurt injury or effect caused by fire or excessive or intense heat.; n.: The operation or result of burning or baking as in brickmaking; as they have a good burn.; n.: A disease in vegetables. See Brand n. 6.; n.: A small stream.
Found on page(s): [10]

twofold - twofold, Definition(s): a.: Double; duplicate; multiplied by two; as a twofold nature; a twofold sense; a twofold argument.; adv.: In a double degree; doubly.
Found on page(s): [47]

whence - whence, Definition(s): adv.: From what place; hence from what or which source origin antecedent premise or the like; how; -- used interrogatively.; adv.: From what or which place source material cause etc.; the place source etc. from which; -- used relatively.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20, 21, 24, 26, 31, 33, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 43, 46, 47, 49, 51, 54, 55]

chief - chief, Definition(s): n.: The head or leader of any body of men; a commander as of an army; a head man as of a tribe clan or family; a person in authority who directs the work of others; the principal actor or agent.; n.: The principal part; the most valuable portion.; n.: The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to be composed of the dexter sinister and middle chiefs.; a.: Highest in office or rank; principal; head.; a.: Principal or most eminent in any quality or action; most distinguished; having most influence; taking the lead; most important; as the chief topic of conversation; the chief interest of man.; a.: Very intimate near or close.
Found on page(s): [20, 26, 40]

solon - solon, Definition(s): n.: A celebrated Athenian lawmaker born about 638 b. c.; hence a legislator; a publicist; -- often used ironically.
Found on page(s): [31]

forfeit - forfeit, Definition(s): n.: Injury; wrong; mischief.; n.: A thing forfeit or forfeited; what is or may be taken from one in requital of a misdeed committed; that which is lost or the right to which is alienated by a crime offense neglect of duty or breach of contract; hence a fine; a mulct; a penalty; as he who murders pays the forfeit of his life.; n.: Something deposited and redeemable by a sportive fine; -- whence the game of forfeits.; n.: Lost or alienated for an offense or crime; liable to penal seizure.; n.: To lose or lose the right to by some error fault offense or crime; to render one's self by misdeed liable to be deprived of; to alienate the right to possess by some neglect or crime; as to forfeit an estate by treason; to forfeit reputation by a breach of promise; -- with to before the one acquiring what is forfeited.; v. i.: To be guilty of a misdeed; to be criminal; to transgress.; v. i.: To fail to keep an obligation.; p. p. / a.: In the condition of being forfeited; subject to alienation.
Found on page(s): [26]

foremost - foremost, Definition(s): a.: First in time or place; most advanced; chief in rank or dignity; as the foremost troops of an army.
Found on page(s): [35]

lamp - lamp, Definition(s): n.: A thin plate or lamina.; n.: A light-producing vessel instrument or apparatus; especially a vessel with a wick used for the combustion of oil or other inflammable liquid for the purpose of producing artificial light.; n.: Figuratively anything which enlightens intellectually or morally; anything regarded metaphorically a performing the uses of a lamp.; n.: A device or mechanism for producing light by electricity. See Incandescent lamp under Incandescent.
Found on page(s): [2]

italian - italian, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Italy or to its people or language.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Italy.; n.: The language used in Italy or by the Italians.
Found on page(s): [33]

burning - burning, Definition(s): a.: That burns; being on fire; excessively hot; fiery.; a.: Consuming; intense; inflaming; exciting; vehement; powerful; as burning zeal.; n.: The act of consuming by fire or heat or of subjecting to the effect of fire or heat; the state of being on fire or excessively heated.
Found on page(s): [12, 38]

lamb - lamb, Definition(s): n.: The young of the sheep.; n.: Any person who is as innocent or gentle as a lamb.; n.: A simple unsophisticated person; in the cant of the Stock Exchange one who ignorantly speculates and is victimized.; v. i.: To bring forth a lamb or lambs as sheep.
Found on page(s): [12, 18]

spoken - spoken, Definition(s): a.: Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as a spoken narrative; the spoken word.; a.: Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition; as a pleasant-spoken man.
Found on page(s): [44, 49, 56]

ply - ply, Definition(s): v. t.: To bend.; v. t.: To lay on closely or in folds; to work upon steadily or with repeated acts; to press upon; to urge importunately; as to ply one with questions with solicitations or with drink.; v. t.: To employ diligently; to use steadily.; v. t.: To practice or perform with diligence; to work at.; v. i.: To bend; to yield.; v. i.: To act go or work diligently and steadily; especially to do something by repeated actions; to go back and forth; as a steamer plies between certain ports.; v. i.: To work to windward; to beat.; v.: A fold; a plait; a turn or twist as of a cord.; v.: Bent; turn; direction; bias.
Found on page(s): [50]

satiety - satiety, Definition(s): n.: The state of being satiated or glutted; fullness of gratification either of the appetite or of any sensual desire; fullness beyond desire; an excess of gratification which excites wearisomeness or loathing; repletion; satiation.
Found on page(s): [5]

caught - caught, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Catch.
Found on page(s): [38]

cluster - cluster, Definition(s): n.: A number of things of the same kind growing together; a bunch.; n.: A number of similar things collected together or lying contiguous; a group; as a cluster of islands.; n.: A number of individuals grouped together or collected in one place; a crowd; a mob.; v. i.: To grow in clusters or assemble in groups; to gather or unite in a cluster or clusters.; v. t.: To collect into a cluster or clusters; to gather into a bunch or close body.
Found on page(s): [54]

intermit - intermit, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to cease for a time or at intervals; to interrupt; to suspend.; v. i.: To cease for a time or at intervals; to moderate; to be intermittent as a fever.
Found on page(s): [42]

pity - pity, Definition(s): n.: Piety.; n.: A feeling for the sufferings or distresses of another or others; sympathy with the grief or misery of another; compassion; fellow-feeling; commiseration.; n.: A reason or cause of pity grief or regret; a thing to be regretted.; v. t.: To feel pity or compassion for; to have sympathy with; to compassionate; to commiserate; to have tender feelings toward (any one) awakened by a knowledge of suffering.; v. t.: To move to pity; -- used impersonally.; v. i.: To be compassionate; to show pity.
Found on page(s): [15]

led - led, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Lead.
Found on page(s): [21, 49]

supply - supply, Definition(s): v. t.: To fill up or keep full; to furnish with what is wanted; to afford or furnish with a sufficiency; as rivers are supplied by smaller streams; an aqueduct supplies an artificial lake; -- often followed by with before the thing furnished; as to supply a furnace with fuel; to supply soldiers with ammunition.; v. t.: To serve instead of; to take the place of.; v. t.: To fill temporarily; to serve as substitute for another in as a vacant place or office; to occupy; to have possession of; as to supply a pulpit.; v. t.: To give; to bring or furnish; to provide; as to supply money for the war.; n.: The act of supplying; supplial.; n.: That which supplies a want; sufficiency of things for use or want.; n.: Auxiliary troops or reenforcements.; n.: The food and the like which meets the daily necessities of an army or other large body of men; store; -- used chiefly in the plural; as the army was discontented for lack of supplies.; n.: An amount of money provided as by Parliament or Congress to meet the annual national expenditures; generally in the plural; as to vote supplies.; n.: A person who fills a place for a time; one who supplies the place of another; a substitute; esp. a clergyman who supplies a vacant pulpit.; a.: Serving to contain deliver or regulate a supply of anything; as a supply tank or valve.
Found on page(s): [16, 32]

firstborn - firstborn, Definition(s): a.: First brought forth; first in the order of nativity; eldest; hence most excellent; most distinguished or exalted.
Found on page(s): [36]

wherein - wherein, Definition(s): adv.: In which; in which place thing time respect or the like; -- used relatively.; adv.: In what; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [27, 44, 45]

beautiful - beautiful, Definition(s): a.: Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind.
Found on page(s): [30, 37, 44]

mountain - mountain, Definition(s): n.: A large mass of earth and rock rising above the common level of the earth or adjacent land; earth and rock forming an isolated peak or a ridge; an eminence higher than a hill; a mount.; n.: A range chain or group of such elevations; as the White Mountains.; n.: A mountainlike mass; something of great bulk.; a.: Of or pertaining to a mountain or mountains; growing or living on a mountain; found on or peculiar to mountains; among mountains; as a mountain torrent; mountain pines; mountain goats; mountain air; mountain howitzer.; a.: Like a mountain; mountainous; vast; very great.
Found on page(s): [41, 47]

liberty - liberty, Definition(s): n.: The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery serfdom bondage or subjection.; n.: Freedom from imprisonment bonds or other restraint upon locomotion.; n.: A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as liberty given to a child to play or to a witness to leave a court and the like.; n.: Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant; as the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe.; n.: The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed or jurisdiction is exercised.; n.: A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised; as the liberties of a prison.; n.: A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety; as to permit or take a liberty.; n.: The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing.; n.: A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse.; n.: Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
Found on page(s): [15, 17]

lesser - lesser, Definition(s): a.: Less; smaller; inferior.; adv.: Less.
Found on page(s): [51]

marsh - marsh, Definition(s): n.: A tract of soft wet land commonly covered partially or wholly with water; a fen; a swamp; a morass.
Found on page(s): [33]

reappoint - reappoint, Definition(s): v. t.: To appoint again.
Found on page(s): [44]

exclaim - exclaim, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: To cry out from earnestness or passion; to utter with vehemence; to call out or declare loudly; to protest vehemently; to vociferate; to shout; as to exclaim against oppression with wonder or astonishment; The field is won! he exclaimed.; n.: Outcry; clamor.
Found on page(s): [18]

impregnate - impregnate, Definition(s): v. t.: To make pregnant; to cause to conceive; to render prolific; to get with child or young.; v. t.: To come into contact with (an ovum or egg) so as to cause impregnation; to fertilize; to fecundate.; v. t.: To infuse an active principle into; to render fruitful or fertile in any way; to fertilize; to imbue.; v. t.: To infuse particles of another substance into; to communicate the quality of another to; to cause to be filled imbued mixed or furnished (with something); as to impregnate India rubber with sulphur; clothing impregnated with contagion; rock impregnated with ore.; v. i.: To become pregnant.; a.: Impregnated; made prolific.
Found on page(s): [37]

opposite - opposite, Definition(s): a.: Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as a house opposite to the Exchange.; a.: Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.; a.: Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.; a.: Set over against each other but separated by the whole diameter of the stem as two leaves at the same node.; a.: Placed directly in front of another part or organ as a stamen which stands before a petal.; n.: One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.; n.: That which is opposed or contrary; as sweetness and its opposite.
Found on page(s): [9, 47]

forecast - forecast, Definition(s): v. t.: To plan beforehand; to scheme; to project.; v. t.: To foresee; to calculate beforehand so as to provide for.; v. i.: To contrive or plan beforehand.; n.: Previous contrivance or determination; predetermination.; n.: Foresight of consequences and provision against them; prevision; premeditation.
Found on page(s): [30]

mute - mute, Definition(s): v. t.: To cast off; to molt.; v. t. & i.: To eject the contents of the bowels; -- said of birds.; n.: The dung of birds.; a.: Not speaking; uttering no sound; silent.; a.: Incapable of speaking; dumb.; a.: Not uttered; unpronounced; silent; also produced by complete closure of the mouth organs which interrupt the passage of breath; -- said of certain letters. See 5th Mute 2.; a.: Not giving a ringing sound when struck; -- said of a metal.; n.: One who does not speak whether from physical inability unwillingness or other cause.; n.: One who from deafness either congenital or from early life is unable to use articulate language; a deaf-mute.; n.: A person employed by undertakers at a funeral.; n.: A person whose part in a play does not require him to speak.; n.: Among the Turks an officer or attendant who is selected for his place because he can not speak.; n.: A letter which represents no sound; a silent letter; also a close articulation; an element of speech formed by a position of the mouth organs which stops the passage of the breath; as p b d k t.; n.: A little utensil made of brass ivory or other material so formed that it can be fixed in an erect position on the bridge of a violin or similar instrument in order to deaden or soften the tone.
Found on page(s): [54]

courtesy - courtesy, Definition(s): n.: Politeness; civility; urbanity; courtliness.; n.: An act of civility or respect; an act of kindness or favor performed with politeness.; n.: Favor or indulgence as distinguished from right; as a title given one by courtesy.; n.: An act of civility respect or reverence made by women consisting of a slight depression or dropping of the body with bending of the knees.; v. i.: To make a respectful salutation or movement of respect; esp. (with reference to women) to bow the body slightly with bending of the knes.; v. t.: To treat with civility.
Found on page(s): [26, 46]

thickly - thickly, Definition(s): adv.: In a thick manner; deeply; closely.
Found on page(s): [53]

noncompliance - noncompliance, Definition(s): n.: Neglect of compliance; failure to comply.
Found on page(s): [15]

repentance - repentance, Definition(s): n.: The act of repenting or the state of being penitent; sorrow for what one has done or omitted to do; especially contrition for sin.
Found on page(s): [35]

offering - offering, Definition(s): n.: The act of an offerer; a proffering.; n.: That which is offered esp. in divine service; that which is presented as an expiation or atonement for sin or as a free gift; a sacrifice; an oblation; as sin offering.; n.: A sum of money offered as in church service; as a missionary offering. Specif.: (Ch. of Eng.) Personal tithes payable according to custom either at certain seasons as Christmas or Easter or on certain occasions as marriages or christenings.
Found on page(s): [17, 50]

circle - circle, Definition(s): n.: A plane figure bounded by a single curve line called its circumference every part of which is equally distant from a point within it called the center.; n.: The line that bounds such a figure; a circumference; a ring.; n.: An instrument of observation the graduated limb of which consists of an entire circle.; n.: A round body; a sphere; an orb.; n.: Compass; circuit; inclosure.; n.: A company assembled or conceived to assemble about a central point of interest or bound by a common tie; a class or division of society; a coterie; a set.; n.: A circular group of persons; a ring.; n.: A series ending where it begins and repeating itself.; n.: A form of argument in which two or more unproved statements are used to prove each other; inconclusive reasoning.; n.: Indirect form of words; circumlocution.; n.: A territorial division or district.; n.: To move around; to revolve around.; n.: To encompass as by a circle; to surround; to inclose; to encircle.; v. i.: To move circularly; to form a circle; to circulate.
Found on page(s): [13, 36, 40, 49, 50]

mallet - mallet, Definition(s): n.: A small maul with a short handle -- used esp. for driving a tool as a chisel or the like; also a light beetle with a long handle -- used in playing croquet.
Found on page(s): [8]

ware - ware, Definition(s): imp.: Wore.; v. t.: To wear or veer. See Wear.; n.: Seaweed.; a.: Articles of merchandise; the sum of articles of a particular kind or class; style or class of manufactures; especially in the plural goods; commodities; merchandise.; a.: A ware; taking notice; hence wary; cautious; on one's guard. See Beware.; n.: The state of being ware or aware; heed.; v. t.: To make ware; to warn; to take heed of; to beware of; to guard against.
Found on page(s): [28]

dread - dread, Definition(s): v. t.: To fear in a great degree; to regard or look forward to with terrific apprehension.; v. i.: To be in dread or great fear.; n.: Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.; n.: Reverential or respectful fear; awe.; n.: An object of terrified apprehension.; n.: A person highly revered.; n.: Fury; dreadfulness.; n.: Doubt; as out of dread.; a.: Exciting great fear or apprehension; causing terror; frightful; dreadful.; a.: Inspiring with reverential fear; awful' venerable; as dread sovereign; dread majesty; dread tribunal.
Found on page(s): [12, 23, 26]

giving - giving, Definition(s): n.: The act of bestowing as a gift; a conferring or imparting.; n.: A gift; a benefaction.; n.: The act of softening breaking or yielding.
Found on page(s): [27]

clay - clay, Definition(s): n.: A soft earth which is plastic or may be molded with the hands consisting of hydrous silicate of aluminium. It is the result of the wearing down and decomposition in part of rocks containing aluminous minerals as granite. Lime magnesia oxide of iron and other ingredients are often present as impurities.; n.: Earth in general as representing the elementary particles of the human body; hence the human body as formed from such particles.; v. t.: To cover or manure with clay.; v. t.: To clarify by filtering through clay as sugar.
Found on page(s): [49]

excuse - excuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To free from accusation or the imputation of fault or blame; to clear from guilt; to release from a charge; to justify by extenuating a fault; to exculpate; to absolve; to acquit.; v. t.: To pardon as a fault; to forgive entirely or to admit to be little censurable and to overlook; as we excuse irregular conduct when extraordinary circumstances appear to justify it.; v. t.: To regard with indulgence; to view leniently or to overlook; to pardon.; v. t.: To free from an impending obligation or duty; hence to disengage; to dispense with; to release by favor; also to remit by favor; not to exact; as to excuse a forfeiture.; v. t.: To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for.; v. t.: The act of excusing apologizing exculpating pardoning releasing and the like; acquittal; release; absolution; justification; extenuation.; v. t.: That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.; v. t.: That which excuses; that which extenuates or justifies a fault.
Found on page(s): [54]

scripture - scripture, Definition(s): n.: Anything written; a writing; a document; an inscription.; n.: The books of the Old and the new Testament or of either of them; the Bible; -- used by way of eminence or distinction and chiefly in the plural.; n.: A passage from the Bible;; a text.
Found on page(s): [14]

shout - shout, Definition(s): v. i.: To utter a sudden and loud outcry as in joy triumph or exultation or to attract attention to animate soldiers etc.; v. t.: To utter with a shout; to cry; -- sometimes with out; as to shout or to shout out a man's name.; v. t.: To treat with shouts or clamor.; n.: A loud burst of voice or voices; a vehement and sudden outcry especially of a multitudes expressing joy triumph exultation or animated courage.
Found on page(s): [30]

gives - gives, Definition(s): n.: Fetters.
Found on page(s): [2, 52]

thirst - thirst, Definition(s): n.: A sensation of dryness in the throat associated with a craving for liquids produced by deprivation of drink or by some other cause (as fear excitement etc.) which arrests the secretion of the pharyngeal mucous membrane; hence the condition producing this sensation.; n.: Fig.: A want and eager desire after anything; a craving or longing; -- usually with for of or after; as the thirst for gold.; n.: To feel thirst; to experience a painful or uneasy sensation of the throat or fauces as for want of drink.; n.: To have a vehement desire.; v. t.: To have a thirst for.
Found on page(s): [2, 5, 16, 24, 38, 39, 42, 55, 56]

christ - christ, Definition(s): n.: The Anointed; an appellation given to Jesus the Savior. It is synonymous with the Hebrew Messiah.
Found on page(s): [41, 42, 44, 45, 53]

sapience - sapience, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being sapient; wisdom; sageness; knowledge.
Found on page(s): [38]

theft - theft, Definition(s): n.: The act of stealing; specifically the felonious taking and removing of personal property with an intent to deprive the rightful owner of the same; larceny.; n.: The thing stolen.
Found on page(s): [17]

haughty - haughty, Definition(s): superl.: High; lofty; bold.; superl.: Disdainfully or contemptuously proud; arrogant; overbearing.; superl.: Indicating haughtiness; as a haughty carriage.
Found on page(s): [13]

entirely - entirely, Definition(s): adv.: In an entire manner; wholly; completely; fully; as the trace is entirely lost.; adv.: Without alloy or mixture; truly; sincerely.
Found on page(s): [26]

disclose - disclose, Definition(s): v. t.: To unclose; to open; -- applied esp. to eggs in the sense of to hatch.; v. t.: To remove a cover or envelope from;; to set free from inclosure; to uncover.; v. t.: To lay open or expose to view; to cause to appear; to bring to light; to reveal.; v. t.: To make known as that which has been kept secret or hidden; to reveal; to expose; as events have disclosed his designs.; n.: Disclosure.
Found on page(s): [51]

religion - religion, Definition(s): n.: The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny to whom obedience service and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love fear or awe of some superhuman and overruling power whether by profession of belief by observance of rites and ceremonies or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.; n.: Specifically conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.; n.: A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as to enter religion.; n.: Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Found on page(s): [32, 42]

cupid - cupid, Definition(s): n .: The god of love son of Venus; usually represented as a naked winged boy with bow and arrow.
Found on page(s): [28]

speech - speech, Definition(s): n.: The faculty of uttering articulate sounds or words; the faculty of expressing thoughts by words or articulate sounds; the power of speaking.; n.: he act of speaking; that which is spoken; words as expressing ideas; language; conversation.; n.: A particular language as distinct from others; a tongue; a dialect.; n.: Talk; mention; common saying.; n.: formal discourse in public; oration; harangue.; n.: ny declaration of thoughts.; v. i. & t.: To make a speech; to harangue.
Found on page(s): [9, 30, 55]

quit - quit, Definition(s): n.: Any one of numerous species of small passerine birds native of tropical America. See Banana quit under Banana and Guitguit.; v.: Released from obligation charge penalty etc.; free; clear; absolved; acquitted.; a.: To set at rest; to free as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.; a.: To release from obligation accusation penalty or the like; to absolve; to acquit.; a.: To discharge as an obligation or duty; to meet and satisfy as a claim or debt; to make payment for or of; to requite; to repay.; a.: To meet the claims upon or expectations entertained of; to conduct; to acquit; -- used reflexively.; a.: To carry through; to go through to the end.; a.: To have done with; to cease from; to stop; hence to depart from; to leave; to forsake; as to quit work; to quit the place; to quit jesting.; v. i.: To away; to depart; to stop doing a thing; to cease.
Found on page(s): [32]

thine - thine, Definition(s): pron. & a.: A form of the possessive case of the pronoun thou now superseded in common discourse by your the possessive of you but maintaining a place in solemn discourse in poetry and in the usual language of the Friends or Quakers.
Found on page(s): [7, 16, 19, 26, 27, 38, 48]

fashion - fashion, Definition(s): n.: The make or form of anything; the style shape appearance or mode of structure; pattern model; as the fashion of the ark of a coat of a house of an altar etc.; workmanship; execution.; n.: The prevailing mode or style especially of dress; custom or conventional usage in respect of dress behavior etiquette etc.; particularly the mode or style usual among persons of good breeding; as to dress dance sing ride etc. in the fashion.; n.: Polite fashionable or genteel life; social position; good breeding; as men of fashion.; n.: Mode of action; method of conduct; manner; custom; sort; way.; v. t.: To form; to give shape or figure to; to mold.; v. t.: To fit; to adapt; to accommodate; -- with to.; v. t.: To make according to the rule prescribed by custom.; v. t.: To forge or counterfeit.
Found on page(s): [47]

surely - surely, Definition(s): adv.: In a sure or certain manner; certainly; infallibly; undoubtedly; assuredly.; adv.: Without danger; firmly; steadly; securely.
Found on page(s): [6]

principle - principle, Definition(s): n.: Beginning; commencement.; n.: A source or origin; that from which anything proceeds; fundamental substance or energy; primordial substance; ultimate element or cause.; n.: An original faculty or endowment.; n.: A fundamental truth; a comprehensive law or doctrine from which others are derived or on which others are founded; a general truth; an elementary proposition; a maxim; an axiom; a postulate.; n.: A settled rule of action; a governing law of conduct; an opinion or belief which exercises a directing influence on the life and behavior; a rule (usually a right rule) of conduct consistently directing one's actions; as a person of no principle.; n.: Any original inherent constituent which characterizes a substance or gives it its essential properties and which can usually be separated by analysis; -- applied especially to drugs plant extracts etc.; v. t.: To equip with principles; to establish or fix in certain principles; to impress with any tenet or rule of conduct good or ill.
Found on page(s): [14]

till - till, Definition(s): n.: A vetch; a tare.; n.: A drawer.; n.: A tray or drawer in a chest.; n.: A money drawer in a shop or store.; n.: A deposit of clay sand and gravel without lamination formed in a glacier valley by means of the waters derived from the melting glaciers; -- sometimes applied to alluvium of an upper river terrace when not laminated and appearing as if formed in the same manner.; n.: A kind of coarse obdurate land.; v. t.: To; unto; up to; as far as; until; -- now used only in respect to time but formerly also of place degree etc. and still so used in Scotland and in parts of England and Ireland; as I worked till four o'clock; I will wait till next week.; conj.: As far as; up to the place or degree that; especially up to the time that; that is to the time specified in the sentence or clause following; until.; prep.: To plow and prepare for seed and to sow dress raise crops from etc. to cultivate; as to till the earth a field a farm.; prep.: To prepare; to get.; v. i.: To cultivate land.
Found on page(s): [11, 20, 36, 38, 41, 53]

friendship - friendship, Definition(s): n.: The state of being friends; friendly relation or attachment to a person or between persons; affection arising from mutual esteem and good will; friendliness; amity; good will.; n.: Aptness to unite; conformity; affinity; harmony; correspondence.
Found on page(s): [46]

attend - attend, Definition(s): v. t.: To direct the attention to; to fix the mind upon; to give heed to; to regard.; v. t.: To care for; to look after; to take charge of; to watch over.; v. t.: To go or stay with as a companion nurse or servant; to visit professionally as a physician; to accompany or follow in order to do service; to escort; to wait on; to serve.; v. t.: To be present with; to accompany; to be united or consequent to; as a measure attended with ill effects.; v. t.: To be present at; as to attend church school a concert a business meeting.; v. t.: To wait for; to await; to remain abide or be in store for.; v. i.: To apply the mind or pay attention with a view to perceive understand or comply; to pay regard; to heed; to listen; -- usually followed by to.; v. i.: To accompany or be present or near at hand in pursuance of duty; to be ready for service; to wait or be in waiting; -- often followed by on or upon.; v. i.: (with to) To take charge of; to look after; as to attend to a matter of business.; v. i.: To wait; to stay; to delay.
Found on page(s): [33]

lie - lie, Definition(s): n.: See Lye.; n.: A falsehood uttered or acted for the purpose of deception; an intentional violation of truth; an untruth spoken with the intention to deceive.; n.: A fiction; a fable; an untruth.; n.: Anything which misleads or disappoints.; v. i.: To utter falsehood with an intention to deceive; to say or do that which is intended to deceive another when he a right to know the truth or when morality requires a just representation.; adj.: To rest extended on the ground a bed or any support; to be or to put one's self in an horizontal position or nearly so; to be prostate; to be stretched out; -- often with down when predicated of living creatures; as the book lies on the table; the snow lies on the roof; he lies in his coffin.; adj.: To be situated; to occupy a certain place; as Ireland lies west of England; the meadows lie along the river; the ship lay in port.; adj.: To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition; as to lie waste; to lie fallow; to lie open; to lie hid; to lie grieving; to lie under one's displeasure; to lie at the mercy of the waves; the paper does not lie smooth on the wall.; adj.: To be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist; -- with in.; adj.: To lodge; to sleep.; adj.: To be still or quiet like one lying down to rest.; adj.: To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.; n.: The position or way in which anything lies; the lay as of land or country.
Found on page(s): [15, 39]

shook - shook, Definition(s): : of Shake.; : imp. & obs. or poet. p. p. of Shake.; n.: A set of staves and headings sufficient in number for one hogshead cask barrel or the like trimmed and bound together in compact form.; n.: A set of boards for a sugar box.; n.: The parts of a piece of house furniture as a bedstead packed together.; v. t.: To pack as staves in a shook.
Found on page(s): [22, 41]

late - late, Definition(s): v.: Coming after the time when due or after the usual or proper time; not early; slow; tardy; long delayed; as a late spring.; v.: Far advanced toward the end or close; as a late hour of the day; a late period of life.; v.: Existing or holding some position not long ago but not now; lately deceased departed or gone out of office; as the late bishop of London; the late administration.; v.: Not long past; happening not long ago; recent; as the late rains; we have received late intelligence.; v.: Continuing or doing until an advanced hour of the night; as late revels; a late watcher.; a.: After the usual or proper time or the time appointed; after delay; as he arrived late; -- opposed to early.; a.: Not long ago; lately.; a.: Far in the night day week or other particular period; as to lie abed late; to sit up late at night.
Found on page(s): [13, 31, 34, 36, 40, 46]

shoot - shoot, Definition(s): n.: An inclined plane either artificial or natural down which timber coal etc. are caused to slide; also a narrow passage either natural or artificial in a stream where the water rushes rapidly; esp. a channel having a swift current connecting the ends of a bend in the stream so as to shorten the course.; v. i.: To let fly or cause to be driven with force as an arrow or a bullet; -- followed by a word denoting the missile as an object.; v. i.: To discharge causing a missile to be driven forth; -- followed by a word denoting the weapon or instrument as an object; -- often with off; as to shoot a gun.; v. i.: To strike with anything shot; to hit with a missile; often to kill or wound with a firearm; -- followed by a word denoting the person or thing hit as an object.; v. i.: To send out or forth especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit.; v. i.: To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; -- often with out; as a plant shoots out a bud.; v. i.: To plane straight; to fit by planing.; v. i.: To pass rapidly through over or under; as to shoot a rapid or a bridge; to shoot a sand bar.; v. i.: To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches.; v. i.: To cause an engine or weapon to discharge a missile; -- said of a person or an agent; as they shot at a target; he shoots better than he rides.; v. i.: To discharge a missile; -- said of an engine or instrument; as the gun shoots well.; v. i.: To be shot or propelled forcibly; -- said of a missile; to be emitted or driven; to move or extend swiftly as if propelled; as a shooting star.; v. i.: To penetrate as a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation; as shooting pains.; v. i.: To feel a quick darting pain; to throb in pain.; v. i.: To germinate; to bud; to sprout.; v. i.: To grow; to advance; as to shoot up rapidly.; v. i.: To change form suddenly; especially to solidify.; v. i.: To protrude; to jut; to project; to extend; as the land shoots into a promontory.; v. i.: To move ahead by force of momentum as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee.; n.: The act of shooting; the discharge of a missile; a shot; as the shoot of a shuttle.; n.: A young branch or growth.; n.: A rush of water; a rapid.; n.: A vein of ore running in the same general direction as the lode.; n.: A weft thread shot through the shed by the shuttle; a pick.; n.: A shoat; a young hog.
Found on page(s): [16]

beauteous - beauteous, Definition(s): a.: Full of beauty; beautiful; very handsome.
Found on page(s): [8, 13, 25]

inherent - inherent, Definition(s): a.: Permanently existing in something; inseparably attached or connected; naturally pertaining to; innate; inalienable; as polarity is an inherent quality of the magnet; the inherent right of men to life liberty and protection.
Found on page(s): [11]

manna - manna, Definition(s): n.: The food supplied to the Israelites in their journey through the wilderness of Arabia; hence divinely supplied food.; n.: A name given to lichens of the genus Lecanora sometimes blown into heaps in the deserts of Arabia and Africa and gathered and used as food.; n.: A sweetish exudation in the form of pale yellow friable flakes coming from several trees and shrubs and used in medicine as a gentle laxative as the secretion of Fraxinus Ornus and F. rotundifolia the manna ashes of Southern Europe.
Found on page(s): [45]

glass - glass, Definition(s): v. t.: A hard brittle translucent and commonly transparent substance white or colored having a conchoidal fracture and made by fusing together sand or silica with lime potash soda or lead oxide. It is used for window panes and mirrors for articles of table and culinary use for lenses and various articles of ornament.; v. t.: Any substance having a peculiar glassy appearance and a conchoidal fracture and usually produced by fusion.; v. t.: Anything made of glass.; v. t.: A looking-glass; a mirror.; v. t.: A vessel filled with running sand for measuring time; an hourglass; and hence the time in which such a vessel is exhausted of its sand.; v. t.: A drinking vessel; a tumbler; a goblet; hence the contents of such a vessel; especially; spirituous liquors; as he took a glass at dinner.; v. t.: An optical glass; a lens; a spyglass; -- in the plural spectacles; as a pair of glasses; he wears glasses.; v. t.: A weatherglass; a barometer.; v. t.: To reflect as in a mirror; to mirror; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To case in glass.; v. t.: To cover or furnish with glass; to glaze.; v. t.: To smooth or polish anything as leater by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.
Found on page(s): [7, 9]

perish - perish, Definition(s): v. i.: To be destroyed; to pass away; to become nothing; to be lost; to die; hence to wither; to waste away.; v. t.: To cause perish.
Found on page(s): [33, 50]

eastern - eastern, Definition(s): a.: Situated or dwelling in the east; oriental; as an eastern gate; Eastern countries.; a.: Going toward the east or in the direction of east; as an eastern voyage.
Found on page(s): [41]

doff - doff, Definition(s): v. t.: To put off as dress; to divest one's self of; hence figuratively to put or thrust away; to rid one's self of.; v. t.: To strip; to divest; to undress.; v. i.: To put off dress; to take off the hat.
Found on page(s): [51]

pastime - pastime, Definition(s): n.: That which amuses and serves to make time pass agreeably; sport; amusement; diversion.; v. i.: To sport; to amuse one's self.
Found on page(s): [34]

doubt - doubt, Definition(s): v. i.: To waver in opinion or judgment; to be in uncertainty as to belief respecting anything; to hesitate in belief; to be undecided as to the truth of the negative or the affirmative proposition; to b e undetermined.; v. i.: To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive.; v. t.: To question or hold questionable; to withhold assent to; to hesitate to believe or to be inclined not to believe; to withhold confidence from; to distrust; as I have heard the story but I doubt the truth of it.; v. t.: To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive of.; v. t.: To fill with fear; to affright.; v. i.: A fluctuation of mind arising from defect of knowledge or evidence; uncertainty of judgment or mind; unsettled state of opinion concerning the reality of an event or the truth of an assertion etc.; hesitation.; v. i.: Uncertainty of condition.; v. i.: Suspicion; fear; apprehension; dread.; v. i.: Difficulty expressed or urged for solution; point unsettled; objection.
Found on page(s): [3, 9, 13, 14, 15, 16, 24, 30, 32, 40, 44, 46]

merit - merit, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of deserving well or ill; desert.; n.: Esp. in a good sense: The quality or state of deserving well; worth; excellence.; n.: Reward deserved; any mark or token of excellence or approbation; as his teacher gave him ten merits.; n.: To earn by service or performance; to have a right to claim as reward; to deserve; sometimes to deserve in a bad sense; as to merit punishment.; n.: To reward.; v. i.: To acquire desert; to gain value; to receive benefit; to profit.
Found on page(s): [23, 51]

warm - warm, Definition(s): superl.: Having heat in a moderate degree; not cold as warm milk.; superl.: Having a sensation of heat esp. of gentle heat; glowing.; superl.: Subject to heat; having prevalence of heat or little or no cold weather; as the warm climate of Egypt.; superl.: Fig.: Not cool indifferent lukewarm or the like in spirit or temper; zealous; ardent; fervent; excited; sprightly; irritable; excitable.; superl.: Violent; vehement; furious; excited; passionate; as a warm contest; a warm debate.; superl.: Being well off as to property or in good circumstances; forehanded; rich.; superl.: In children's games being near the object sought for; hence being close to the discovery of some person thing or fact concealed.; superl.: Having yellow or red for a basis or in their composition; -- said of colors and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds.; a.: To communicate a moderate degree of heat to; to render warm; to supply or furnish heat to; as a stove warms an apartment.; a.: To make engaged or earnest; to interest; to engage; to excite ardor or zeal; to enliven.; v. i.: To become warm or moderately heated; as the earth soon warms in a clear day summer.; v. i.: To become ardent or animated; as the speake/ warms as he proceeds.; n.: The act of warming or the state of being warmed; a warming; a heating.
Found on page(s): [7, 20, 22, 34]

measure - measure, Definition(s): n.: A standard of dimension; a fixed unit of quantity or extent; an extent or quantity in the fractions or multiples of which anything is estimated and stated; hence a rule by which anything is adjusted or judged.; n.: An instrument by means of which size or quantity is measured as a graduated line rod vessel or the like.; n.: The dimensions or capacity of anything reckoned according to some standard; size or extent determined and stated; estimated extent; as to take one's measure for a coat.; n.: The contents of a vessel by which quantity is measured; a quantity determined by a standard; a stated or limited quantity or amount.; n.: Extent or degree not excessive or beyong bounds; moderation; due restraint; esp. in the phrases in measure; with measure; without or beyond measure.; n.: Determined extent not to be exceeded; limit; allotted share as of action influence ability or the like; due proportion.; n.: The quantity determined by measuring especially in buying and selling; as to give good or full measure.; n.: Undefined quantity; extent; degree.; n.: A regulated movement corresponding to the time in which the accompanying music is performed; but especially a slow and stately dance like the minuet.; n.: The group or grouping of beats caused by the regular recurrence of accented beats.; n.: The space between two bars.; a.: The manner of ordering and combining the quantities or long and short syllables; meter; rhythm; hence a foot; as a poem in iambic measure.; a.: A number which is contained in a given number a number of times without a remainder; as in the phrases the common measure the greatest common measure etc. of two or more numbers.; a.: A step or definite part of a progressive course or policy; a means to an end; an act designed for the accomplishment of an object; as political measures; prudent measures; an inefficient measure.; a.: The act of measuring; measurement.; a.: Beds or strata; as coal measures; lead measures.; n.: To ascertain by use of a measuring instrument; to compute or ascertain the extent quantity dimensions or capacity of by a certain rule or standard; to take the dimensions of; hence to estimate; to judge of; to value; to appraise.; n.: To serve as the measure of; as the thermometer measures changes of temperature.; n.: To pass throught or over in journeying as if laying off and determining the distance.; n.: To adjust by a rule or standard.; n.: To allot or distribute by measure; to set off or apart by measure; -- often with out or off.; v. i.: To make a measurement or measurements.; v. i.: To result or turn out on measuring; as the grain measures well; the pieces measure unequally.; v. i.: To be of a certain size or quantity or to have a certain length breadth or thickness or a certain capacity according to a standard measure; as cloth measures three fourths of a yard; a tree measures three feet in diameter.
Found on page(s): [13, 23, 47, 51]

vestige - vestige, Definition(s): n.: The mark of the foot left on the earth; a track or footstep; a trace; a sign; hence a faint mark or visible sign left by something which is lost or has perished or is no longer present; remains; as the vestiges of ancient magnificence in Palmyra; vestiges of former population.
Found on page(s): [16]

pry - pry, Definition(s): n.: A lever; also leverage.; v. t.: To raise or move or attempt to raise or move with a pry or lever; to prize.; v. i.: To peep narrowly; to gaze; to inspect closely; to attempt to discover something by a scrutinizing curiosity; -- often implying reproach.; n.: Curious inspection; impertinent peeping.
Found on page(s): [50]

quatre - quatre, Definition(s): n.: A card die.
Found on page(s): [18]

fixed - fixed, Definition(s): a.: Securely placed or fastened; settled; established; firm; imovable; unalterable.; a.: Stable; non-volatile.
Found on page(s): [38]

whereof - whereof, Definition(s): adv.: Of which; of whom; formerly also with which; -- used relatively.; adv.: Of what; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [17, 35, 54]

warp - warp, Definition(s): v. t.: To throw; hence to send forth or throw out as words; to utter.; v. t.: To turn or twist out of shape; esp. to twist or bend out of a flat plane by contraction or otherwise.; v. t.: To turn aside from the true direction; to cause to bend or incline; to pervert.; v. t.: To weave; to fabricate.; v. t.: To tow or move as a vessel with a line or warp attached to a buoy anchor or other fixed object.; v. t.: To cast prematurely as young; -- said of cattle sheep etc.; v. t.: To let the tide or other water in upon (lowlying land) for the purpose of fertilization by a deposit of warp or slimy substance.; v. t.: To run off the reel into hauls to be tarred as yarns.; v. t.: To arrange (yarns) on a warp beam.; v. i.: To turn twist or be twisted out of shape; esp. to be twisted or bent out of a flat plane; as a board warps in seasoning or shrinking.; v. i.: to turn or incline from a straight true or proper course; to deviate; to swerve.; v. i.: To fly with a bending or waving motion; to turn and wave like a flock of birds or insects.; v. i.: To cast the young prematurely; to slink; -- said of cattle sheep etc.; v. i.: To wind yarn off bobbins for forming the warp of a web; to wind a warp on a warp beam.; v.: The threads which are extended lengthwise in the loom and crossed by the woof.; v.: A rope used in hauling or moving a vessel usually with one end attached to an anchor a post or other fixed object; a towing line; a warping hawser.; v.: A slimy substance deposited on land by tides etc. by which a rich alluvial soil is formed.; v.: A premature casting of young; -- said of cattle sheep etc.; v.: Four; esp. four herrings; a cast. See Cast n. 17.; v.: The state of being warped or twisted; as the warp of a board.
Found on page(s): [23]

prank - prank, Definition(s): v. t.: To adorn in a showy manner; to dress or equip ostentatiously; -- often followed by up; as to prank up the body. See Prink.; v. i.: To make ostentatious show.; n.: A gay or sportive action; a ludicrous merry or mischievous trick; a caper; a frolic.; a.: Full of gambols or tricks.
Found on page(s): [53]

asking - asking, Definition(s): n.: The act of inquiring or requesting; a petition; solicitation.; n.: The publishing of banns.
Found on page(s): [34]

brute - brute, Definition(s): a.: Not having sensation; senseless; inanimate; unconscious; without intelligence or volition; as the brute earth; the brute powers of nature.; a.: Not possessing reason irrational; unthinking; as a brute beast; the brute creation.; a.: Of pertaining to or characteristic of a brute beast. Hence: Brutal; cruel; fierce; ferocious; savage; pitiless; as brute violence.; a.: Having the physical powers predominating over the mental; coarse; unpolished; unintelligent.; a.: Rough; uncivilized; unfeeling.; n.: An animal destitute of human reason; any animal not human; esp. a quadruped; a beast.; n.: A brutal person; a savage in heart or manners; as unfeeling or coarse person.; v. t.: To report; to bruit.
Found on page(s): [4, 27]

wave - wave, Definition(s): v. t.: See Waive.; v. i.: To play loosely; to move like a wave one way and the other; to float; to flutter; to undulate.; v. i.: To be moved to and fro as a signal.; v. i.: To fluctuate; to waver; to be in an unsettled state; to vacillate.; v. t.: To move one way and the other; to brandish.; v. t.: To raise into inequalities of surface; to give an undulating form a surface to.; v. t.: To move like a wave or by floating; to waft.; v. t.: To call attention to or give a direction or command to by a waving motion as of the hand; to signify by waving; to beckon; to signal; to indicate.; v. i.: An advancing ridge or swell on the surface of a liquid as of the sea resulting from the oscillatory motion of the particles composing it when disturbed by any force their position of rest; an undulation.; v. i.: A vibration propagated from particle to particle through a body or elastic medium as in the transmission of sound; an assemblage of vibrating molecules in all phases of a vibration with no phase repeated; a wave of vibration; an undulation. See Undulation.; v. i.: Water; a body of water.; v. i.: Unevenness; inequality of surface.; v. i.: A waving or undulating motion; a signal made with the hand a flag etc.; v. i.: The undulating line or streak of luster on cloth watered or calendered or on damask steel.; v. i.: Fig.: A swelling or excitement of thought feeling or energy; a tide; as waves of enthusiasm.; n.: Woe.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 9, 12, 35, 41]

weapon - weapon, Definition(s): n.: An instrument of offensive of defensive combat; something to fight with; anything used or designed to be used in destroying defeating or injuring an enemy as a gun a sword etc.; n.: Fig.: The means or instrument with which one contends against another; as argument was his only weapon.; n.: A thorn prickle or sting with which many plants are furnished.
Found on page(s): [6]

yea - yea, Definition(s): adv.: Yes; ay; a word expressing assent or an affirmative or an affirmative answer to a question now superseded by yes. See Yes.; adv.: More than this; not only so but; -- used to mark the addition of a more specific or more emphatic clause. Cf. Nay adv. 2.; n.: An affirmative vote; one who votes in the affirmative; as a vote by yeas and nays.
Found on page(s): [31, 49]

jacob - jacob, Definition(s): n.: A Hebrew patriarch (son of Isaac and ancestor of the Jews) who in a vision saw a ladder reaching up to heaven (Gen. xxviii. 12); -- also called Israel.
Found on page(s): [31]

inflame - inflame, Definition(s): v. t.: To set on fire; to kindle; to cause to burn flame or glow.; v. t.: Fig.: To kindle or intensify as passion or appetite; to excite to an excessive or unnatural action or heat; as to inflame desire.; v. t.: To provoke to anger or rage; to exasperate; to irritate; to incense; to enrage.; v. t.: To put in a state of inflammation; to produce morbid heat congestion or swelling of; as to inflame the eyes by overwork.; v. t.: To exaggerate; to enlarge upon.; v. i.: To grow morbidly hot congested or painful; to become angry or incensed.
Found on page(s): [6]

steady - steady, Definition(s): n.: Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed; firm.; n.: Constant in feeling purpose or pursuit; not fickle changeable or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose; resolute; as a man steady in his principles in his purpose or in the pursuit of an object.; n.: Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform; as the steady course of the sun; a steady breeze of wind.; v. t.: To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking reeling or falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant regular or resolute.; v. i.: To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move steadily.
Found on page(s): [22, 40]

enhance - enhance, Definition(s): v. t.: To raise or lift up; to exalt.; v. t.: To advance; to augment; to increase; to heighten; to make more costly or attractive; as to enhance the price of commodities; to enhance beauty or kindness; hence also to render more heinous; to aggravate; as to enhance crime.; v. i.: To be raised up; to grow larger; as a debt enhances rapidly by compound interest.
Found on page(s): [30]

deservedly - deservedly, Definition(s): adv.: According to desert (whether good or evil); justly.
Found on page(s): [42]

unjust - unjust, Definition(s): a.: Acting contrary to the standard of right; not animated or controlled by justice; false; dishonest; as an unjust man or judge.; a.: Contrary to justice and right; prompted by a spirit of injustice; wrongful; as an unjust sentence; an unjust demand; an unjust accusation.
Found on page(s): [13, 14]

pain - pain, Definition(s): n.: Punishment suffered or denounced; suffering or evil inflicted as a punishment for crime or connected with the commission of a crime; penalty.; n.: Any uneasy sensation in animal bodies from slight uneasiness to extreme distress or torture proceeding from a derangement of functions disease or injury by violence; bodily distress; bodily suffering; an ache; a smart.; n.: Specifically the throes or travail of childbirth.; n.: Uneasiness of mind; mental distress; disquietude; anxiety; grief; solicitude; anguish.; n.: See Pains labor effort.; n.: To inflict suffering upon as a penalty; to punish.; n.: To put to bodily uneasiness or anguish; to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity; to torment; to torture; as his dinner or his wound pained him; his stomach pained him.; n.: To render uneasy in mind; to disquiet; to distress; to grieve; as a child's faults pain his parents.
Found on page(s): [26]

harvest - harvest, Definition(s): n.: The gathering of a crop of any kind; the ingathering of the crops; also the season of gathering grain and fruits late summer or early autumn.; n.: That which is reaped or ready to be reaped or gath//ed; a crop as of grain (wheat maize etc.) or fruit.; n.: The product or result of any exertion or labor; gain; reward.; v. t.: To reap or gather as any crop.
Found on page(s): [47]

shore - shore, Definition(s): : of Shear.; : imp. of Shear.; n.: A sewer.; n.: A prop as a timber placed as a brace or support against the side of a building or other structure; a prop placed beneath anything as a beam to prevent it from sinking or sagging.; v. t.: To support by a shore or shores; to prop; -- usually with up; as to shore up a building.; v. t.: The coast or land adjacent to a large body of water as an ocean lake or large river.; v. t.: To set on shore.
Found on page(s): [34, 50]

discordant - discordant, Definition(s): n.: Disagreeing; incongruous; being at variance; clashing; opposing; not harmonious.; n.: Dissonant; not in harmony or musical concord; harsh; jarring; as discordant notes or sounds.; n.: Said of strata which lack conformity in direction of bedding either as in unconformability or as caused by a fault.
Found on page(s): [32, 34]

dashing - dashing, Definition(s): a.: Bold; spirited; showy.
Found on page(s): [45]

pair - pair, Definition(s): n.: Two things of a kind similar in form suited to each other and intended to be used together; as a pair of gloves or stockings; a pair of shoes.; n.: Two of a sort; a span; a yoke; a couple; a brace; as a pair of horses; a pair of oxen.; n.: A married couple; a man and wife.; n.: A single thing composed of two pieces fitted to each other and used together; as a pair of scissors; a pair of tongs; a pair of bellows.; n.: Two members of opposite parties or opinion as in a parliamentary body who mutually agree not to vote on a given question or on issues of a party nature during a specified time; as there were two pairs on the final vote.; n.: In a mechanism two elements or bodies which are so applied to each other as to mutually constrain relative motion.; v. i.: To be joined in paris; to couple; to mate as for breeding.; v. i.: To suit; to fit as a counterpart.; v. i.: Same as To pair off. See phrase below.; v. t.: To unite in couples; to form a pair of; to bring together as things which belong together or which complement or are adapted to one another.; v. t.: To engage (one's self) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions.; v. t.: To impair.
Found on page(s): [7]

teem - teem, Definition(s): v. t.: To pour; -- commonly followed by out; as to teem out ale.; v. t.: To pour as steel from a melting pot; to fill as a mold with molten metal.; a.: To think fit.; v. i.: To bring forth young as an animal; to produce fruit as a plant; to bear; to be pregnant; to conceive; to multiply.; v. i.: To be full or ready to bring forth; to be stocked to overflowing; to be prolific; to abound.; v. t.: To produce; to bring forth.
Found on page(s): [49]

equal - equal, Definition(s): a.: Agreeing in quantity size quality degree value etc.; having the same magnitude the same value the same degree etc.; -- applied to number degree quantity and intensity and to any subject which admits of them; neither inferior nor superior greater nor less better nor worse; corresponding; alike; as equal quantities of land water etc. ; houses of equal size; persons of equal stature or talents; commodities of equal value.; a.: Bearing a suitable relation; of just proportion; having competent power abilities or means; adequate; as he is not equal to the task.; a.: Not variable; equable; uniform; even; as an equal movement.; a.: Evenly balanced; not unduly inclining to either side; characterized by fairness; unbiased; impartial; equitable; just.; a.: Of the same interest or concern; indifferent.; a.: Intended for voices of one kind only either all male or all female; -- opposed to mixed.; a.: Exactly agreeing with respect to quantity.; n.: State of being equal; equality.; v. t.: To be or become equal to; to have the same quantity the same value the same degree or rank or the like with; to be commen/urate with.; v. t.: To make equal return to; to recompense fully.; v. t.: To make equal or equal to; to equalize; hence to compare or regard as equals; to put on equality.
Found on page(s): [5, 13, 15, 26, 52]

alike - alike, Definition(s): a.: Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.; adv.: In the same manner form or degree; in common; equally; as we are all alike concerned in religion.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 12, 34, 43, 44, 49, 55]

wages - wages, Definition(s): n.: A compensation given to a hired person for services; price paid for labor; recompense; hire. See Wage n. 2.
Found on page(s): [23]

genius - genius, Definition(s): n.: A good or evil spirit or demon supposed by the ancients to preside over a man's destiny in life; a tutelary deity; a supernatural being; a spirit good or bad. Cf. Jinnee.; n.: The peculiar structure of mind with whoch each individual is endowed by nature; that disposition or aptitude of mind which is peculiar to each man and which qualifies him for certain kinds of action or special success in any pursuit; special taste inclination or disposition; as a genius for history for poetry or painting.; n.: Peculiar character; animating spirit as of a nation a religion a language.; n.: Distinguished mental superiority; uncommon intellectual power; especially superior power of invention or origination of any kind or of forming new combinations; as a man of genius.; n.: A man endowed with uncommon vigor of mind; a man of superior intellectual faculties; as Shakespeare was a rare genius.
Found on page(s): [37, 53]

colour - colour, Definition(s): n.: See Color.
Found on page(s): [7]

inasmuch - inasmuch, Definition(s): adv.: In like degree; in like manner; seeing that; considering that; since; -- followed by as. See In as much as under In prep.
Found on page(s): [15]

marvel - marvel, Definition(s): n.: That which causes wonder; a prodigy; a miracle.; n.: Wonder.; v. i.: To be struck with surprise astonishment or wonder; to wonder.; v. t.: To marvel at.; v. t.: To cause to marvel or be surprised; -- used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [16, 34, 37]

steepness - steepness, Definition(s): n.: Quality or state of being steep; precipitous declivity; as the steepnessof a hill or a roof.; n.: Height; loftiness.
Found on page(s): [41]

paid - paid, Definition(s): imp. p. p. & a.: Receiving pay; compensated; hired; as a paid attorney.; imp. p. p. & a.: Satisfied; contented.
Found on page(s): [18, 28]

juba - juba, Definition(s): n.: The mane of an animal.; n.: A loose panicle the axis of which falls to pieces as in certain grasses.
Found on page(s): [22]

replete - replete, Definition(s): a.: Filled again; completely filled; full; charged; abounding.; v. t.: To fill completely or to satiety.
Found on page(s): [44]

downward - downward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Moving or extending from a higher to a lower place; tending toward the earth or its center or toward a lower level; declivous.; a.: Descending from a head origin or source; as a downward line of descent.; a.: Tending to a lower condition or state; depressed; dejected; as downward thoughts.
Found on page(s): [16]

shadow - shadow, Definition(s): n.: Shade within defined limits; obscurity or deprivation of light apparent on a surface and representing the form of the body which intercepts the rays of light; as the shadow of a man of a tree or of a tower. See the Note under Shade n. 1.; n.: Darkness; shade; obscurity.; n.: A shaded place; shelter; protection; security.; n.: A reflected image as in a mirror or in water.; n.: That which follows or attends a person or thing like a shadow; an inseparable companion; hence an obsequious follower.; n.: A spirit; a ghost; a shade; a phantom.; n.: An imperfect and faint representation; adumbration; indistinct image; dim bodying forth; hence mystical representation; type.; n.: A small degree; a shade.; n.: An uninvited guest coming with one who is invited.; n.: To cut off light from; to put in shade; to shade; to throw a shadow upon; to overspead with obscurity.; n.: To conceal; to hide; to screen.; n.: To protect; to shelter from danger; to shroud.; n.: To mark with gradations of light or color; to shade.; n.: To represent faintly or imperfectly; to adumbrate; hence to represent typically.; n.: To cloud; to darken; to cast a gloom over.; n.: To attend as closely as a shadow; to follow and watch closely especially in a secret or unobserved manner; as a detective shadows a criminal.
Found on page(s): [10, 19, 20, 35, 47, 53]

palm - palm, Definition(s): n.: The inner and somewhat concave part of the hand between the bases of the fingers and the wrist.; n.: A lineal measure equal either to the breadth of the hand or to its length from the wrist to the ends of the fingers; a hand; -- used in measuring a horse's height.; n.: A metallic disk attached to a strap and worn the palm of the hand -- used to push the needle through the canvas in sewing sails etc.; n.: The broad flattened part of an antler as of a full-grown fallow deer; -- so called as resembling the palm of the hand with its protruding fingers.; n.: The flat inner face of an anchor fluke.; n.: Any endogenous tree of the order Palmae or Palmaceae; a palm tree.; n.: A branch or leaf of the palm anciently borne or worn as a symbol of victory or rejoicing.; n.: Any symbol or token of superiority success or triumph; also victory; triumph; supremacy.; v. t.: To handle.; v. t.: To manipulate with or conceal in the palm of the hand; to juggle.; v. t.: To impose by fraud as by sleight of hand; to put by unfair means; -- usually with off.
Found on page(s): [35]

happy - happy, Definition(s): superl.: Favored by hap luck or fortune; lucky; fortunate; successful; prosperous; satisfying desire; as a happy expedient; a happy effort; a happy venture; a happy omen.; superl.: Experiencing the effect of favorable fortune; having the feeling arising from the consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind as peace tranquillity comfort; contented; joyous; as happy hours happy thoughts.; superl.: Dexterous; ready; apt; felicitous.
Found on page(s): [1, 10, 19, 44, 45]

phial - phial, Definition(s): n.: A glass vessel or bottle especially a small bottle for medicines; a vial.; v. t.: To put or keep in or as in a phial.
Found on page(s): [38]

triune - triune, Definition(s): a.: Being three in one; -- an epithet used to express the unity of a trinity of persons in the Godhead.
Found on page(s): [48]

offence - offence, Definition(s): n.: See Offense.; n.: The act of offending in any sense; esp. a crime or a sin an affront or an injury.; n.: The state of being offended or displeased; anger; displeasure.; n.: A cause or occasion of stumbling or of sin.
Found on page(s): [15, 18]

season - season, Definition(s): n.: One of the divisions of the year marked by alternations in the length of day and night or by distinct conditions of temperature moisture etc. caused mainly by the relative position of the earth with respect to the sun. In the north temperate zone four seasons namely spring summer autumn and winter are generally recognized. Some parts of the world have three seasons -- the dry the rainy and the cold; other parts have but two -- the dry and the rainy.; n.: Hence a period of time especially as regards its fitness for anything contemplated or done; a suitable or convenient time; proper conjuncture; as the season for planting; the season for rest.; n.: A period of time not very long; a while; a time.; n.: That which gives relish; seasoning.; v. t.: To render suitable or appropriate; to prepare; to fit.; v. t.: To fit for any use by time or habit; to habituate; to accustom; to inure; to ripen; to mature; as to season one to a climate.; v. t.: Hence to prepare by drying or hardening or removal of natural juices; as to season timber.; v. t.: To fit for taste; to render palatable; to give zest or relish to; to spice; as to season food.; v. t.: Hence to fit for enjoyment; to render agrecable.; v. t.: To qualify by admixture; to moderate; to temper.; v. t.: To imbue; to tinge or taint.; v. t.: To copulate with; to impregnate.; v. i.: To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate.; v. i.: To become dry and hard by the escape of the natural juices or by being penetrated with other substance; as timber seasons in the sun.; v. i.: To give token; to savor.
Found on page(s): [42]

bier - bier, Definition(s): n.: A handbarrow or portable frame on which a corpse is placed or borne to the grave.; n.: A count of forty threads in the warp or chain of woolen cloth.
Found on page(s): [42]

vesture - vesture, Definition(s): v. t.: A garment or garments; a robe; clothing; dress; apparel; vestment; covering; envelope.; v. t.: The corn grass underwood stubble etc. with which land was covered; as the vesture of an acre.; v. t.: Seizin; possession.
Found on page(s): [11]

attain - attain, Definition(s): v. t.: To achieve or accomplish that is to reach by efforts; to gain; to compass; as to attain rest.; v. t.: To gain or obtain possession of; to acquire.; v. t.: To get at the knowledge of; to ascertain.; v. t.: To reach or come to by progression or motion; to arrive at.; v. t.: To overtake.; v. t.: To reach in excellence or degree; to equal.; v. i.: To come or arrive by motion growth bodily exertion or efforts toward a place object state etc.; to reach.; v. i.: To come or arrive by an effort of mind.; n.: Attainment.
Found on page(s): [47]

clime - clime, Definition(s): n.: A climate; a tract or region of the earth. See Climate.
Found on page(s): [27, 34, 44]

pale - pale, Definition(s): v. i.: Wanting in color; not ruddy; dusky white; pallid; wan; as a pale face; a pale red; a pale blue.; v. i.: Not bright or brilliant; of a faint luster or hue; dim; as the pale light of the moon.; n.: Paleness; pallor.; v. i.: To turn pale; to lose color or luster.; v. t.: To make pale; to diminish the brightness of.; n.: A pointed stake or slat either driven into the ground or fastened to a rail at the top and bottom for fencing or inclosing; a picket.; n.: That which incloses or fences in; a boundary; a limit; a fence; a palisade.; n.: A space or field having bounds or limits; a limited region or place; an inclosure; -- often used figuratively.; n.: A stripe or band as on a garment.; n.: One of the greater ordinaries being a broad perpendicular stripe in an escutcheon equally distant from the two edges and occupying one third of it.; n.: A cheese scoop.; n.: A shore for bracing a timber before it is fastened.; v. t.: To inclose with pales or as with pales; to encircle; to encompass; to fence off.
Found on page(s): [12]

evenly - evenly, Definition(s): adv.: With an even level or smooth surface; without roughness elevations or depression; uniformly; equally; comfortably; impartially; serenely.
Found on page(s): [23]

supreme - supreme, Definition(s): a.: Highest in authority; holding the highest place in authority government or power.; a.: Highest; greatest; most excellent or most extreme; utmost; greatist possible (sometimes in a bad sense); as supreme love; supreme glory; supreme magnanimity; supreme folly.; a.: Situated at the highest part or point.
Found on page(s): [11, 17, 19, 44, 48, 51]

heritage - heritage, Definition(s): a.: That which is inherited or passes from heir to heir; inheritance.; a.: A possession; the Israelites as God's chosen people; also a flock under pastoral charge.
Found on page(s): [42]

slope - slope, Definition(s): v. i.: An oblique direction; a line or direction including from a horizontal line or direction; also sometimes an inclination as of one line or surface to another.; v. i.: Any ground whose surface forms an angle with the plane of the horizon.; a.: Sloping.; adv.: In a sloping manner.; v. t.: To form with a slope; to give an oblique or slanting direction to; to direct obliquely; to incline; to slant; as to slope the ground in a garden; to slope a piece of cloth in cutting a garment.; v. i.: To take an oblique direction; to be at an angle with the plane of the horizon; to incline; as the ground slopes.; v. i.: To depart; to disappear suddenly.
Found on page(s): [41]

coast - coast, Definition(s): v. t.: The side of a thing.; v. t.: The exterior line limit or border of a country; frontier border.; v. t.: The seashore or land near it.; n.: To draw or keep near; to approach.; n.: To sail by or near the shore.; n.: To sail from port to port in the same country.; n.: To slide down hill; to slide on a sled upon snow or ice.; v. t.: To draw near to; to approach; to keep near or by the side of.; v. t.: To sail by or near; to follow the coast line of.; v. t.: To conduct along a coast or river bank.
Found on page(s): [22]

lapse - lapse, Definition(s): n.: A gliding slipping or gradual falling; an unobserved or imperceptible progress or passing away; -- restricted usually to immaterial things or to figurative uses.; n.: A slip; an error; a fault; a failing in duty; a slight deviation from truth or rectitude.; n.: The termination of a right or privilege through neglect to exercise it within the limited time or through failure of some contingency; hence the devolution of a right or privilege.; n.: A fall or apostasy.; v. i.: To pass slowly and smoothly downward backward or away; to slip downward backward or away; to glide; -- mostly restricted to figurative uses.; v. i.: To slide or slip in moral conduct; to fail in duty; to fall from virtue; to deviate from rectitude; to commit a fault by inadvertence or mistake.; v. i.: To fall or pass from one proprietor to another or from the original destination by the omission negligence or failure of some one as a patron a legatee etc.; v. i.: To become ineffectual or void; to fall.; v. t.: To let slip; to permit to devolve on another; to allow to pass.; v. t.: To surprise in a fault or error; hence to surprise or catch as an offender.
Found on page(s): [4]

shuttle - shuttle, Definition(s): n.: An instrument used in weaving for passing or shooting the thread of the woof from one side of the cloth to the other between the threads of the warp.; n.: The sliding thread holder in a sewing machine which carries the lower thread through a loop of the upper thread to make a lock stitch.; n.: A shutter as for a channel for molten metal.; v. i.: To move backwards and forwards like a shuttle.
Found on page(s): [11]

impute - impute, Definition(s): v. t.: To charge; to ascribe; to attribute; to set to the account of; to charge to one as the author responsible originator or possessor; -- generally in a bad sense.; v. t.: To adjudge as one's own (the sin or righteousness) of another; as the righteousness of Christ is imputed to us.; v. t.: To take account of; to consider; to regard.
Found on page(s): [13]

circled - circled, Definition(s): a.: Having the form of a circle; round.
Found on page(s): [38, 47]

jocund - jocund, Definition(s): : Merry; cheerful; gay; airy; lively; sportive.; adv.: Merrily; cheerfully.
Found on page(s): [44, 56]

whereon - whereon, Definition(s): adv.: On which; -- used relatively; as the earth whereon we live.
Found on page(s): [54]

artist - artist, Definition(s): n.: One who practices some mechanic art or craft; an artisan.; n.: One who professes and practices an art in which science and taste preside over the manual execution.; n.: One who shows trained skill or rare taste in any manual art or occupation.; n.: An artful person; a schemer.
Found on page(s): [48]

enterprise - enterprise, Definition(s): n.: That which is undertaken; something attempted to be performed; a work projected which involves activity courage energy and the like; a bold arduous or hazardous attempt; an undertaking; as a manly enterprise; a warlike enterprise.; n.: Willingness or eagerness to engage in labor which requires boldness promptness energy and like qualities; as a man of great enterprise.; v. t.: To undertake; to begin and attempt to perform; to venture upon.; v. t.: To treat with hospitality; to entertain.; v. i.: To undertake an enterprise or something hazardous or difficult.
Found on page(s): [1]

bright - bright, Definition(s): v. i.: See Brite v. i.; a.: Radiating or reflecting light; shedding or having much light; shining; luminous; not dark.; a.: Transmitting light; clear; transparent.; a.: Having qualities that render conspicuous or attractive or that affect the mind as light does the eye; resplendent with charms; as bright beauty.; a.: Having a clear quick intellect; intelligent.; a.: Sparkling with wit; lively; vivacious; shedding cheerfulness and joy around; cheerful; cheery.; a.: Illustrious; glorious.; a.: Manifest to the mind as light is to the eyes; clear; evident; plain.; a.: Of brilliant color; of lively hue or appearance.; n.: Splendor; brightness.; adv.: Brightly.; v. t.: To be or become overripe as wheat barley or hops.
Found on page(s): [2, 5, 24, 25, 27, 37, 38, 46, 47, 48, 51]

gladsome - gladsome, Definition(s): a.: Pleased; joyful; cheerful.; a.: Causing joy pleasure or cheerfulness; having the appearance of gayety; pleasing.
Found on page(s): [35, 55]

triangle - triangle, Definition(s): n.: A figure bounded by three lines and containing three angles.; n.: An instrument of percussion usually made of a rod of steel bent into the form of a triangle open at one angle and sounded by being struck with a small metallic rod.; n.: A draughtsman's square in the form of a right-angled triangle.; n.: A kind of frame formed of three poles stuck in the ground and united at the top to which soldiers were bound when undergoing corporal punishment -- now disused.; n.: A small constellation situated between Aries and Andromeda.; n.: A small constellation near the South Pole containing three bright stars.
Found on page(s): [49]

unknown - unknown, Definition(s): a.: Not known; not apprehended.
Found on page(s): [21]

crimson - crimson, Definition(s): n.: A deep red color tinged with blue; also red color in general.; a.: Of a deep red color tinged with blue; deep red.; v. t.: To dye with crimson or deep red; to redden.; b. t.: To become crimson; to blush.
Found on page(s): [53]

assure - assure, Definition(s): v. t.: To make sure or certain; to render confident by a promise declaration or other evidence.; v. t.: To declare to solemnly; to assert to (any one) with the design of inspiring belief or confidence.; v. t.: To confirm; to make certain or secure.; v. t.: To affiance; to betroth.; v. t.: To insure; to covenant to indemnify for loss or to pay a specified sum at death. See Insure.
Found on page(s): [16]

theme - theme, Definition(s): n.: A subject or topic on which a person writes or speaks; a proposition for discussion or argument; a text.; n.: Discourse on a certain subject.; n.: A composition or essay required of a pupil.; n.: A noun or verb not modified by inflections; also that part of a noun or verb which remains unchanged (except by euphonic variations) in declension or conjugation; stem.; n.: That by means of which a thing is done; means; instrument.; n.: The leading subject of a composition or a movement.
Found on page(s): [1]

consult - consult, Definition(s): v. i.: To seek the opinion or advice of another; to take counsel; to deliberate together; to confer.; v. t.: To ask advice of; to seek the opinion of; to apply to for information or instruction; to refer to; as to consult a physician; to consult a dictionary.; v. t.: To have reference to in judging or acting; to have regard to; to consider; as to consult one's wishes.; v. t.: To deliberate upon; to take for.; v. t.: To bring about by counsel or contrivance; to devise; to contrive.; n.: The act of consulting or deliberating; consultation; also the result of consulation; determination; decision.; n.: A council; a meeting for consultation.
Found on page(s): [31]

gracious - gracious, Definition(s): a.: Abounding in grace or mercy; manifesting love. or bestowing mercy; characterized by grace; beneficent; merciful; disposed to show kindness or favor; condescending; as his most gracious majesty.; a.: Abounding in beauty loveliness or amiability; graceful; excellent.; a.: Produced by divine grace; influenced or controlled by the divine influence; as gracious affections.
Found on page(s): [3, 11, 51]

merely - merely, Definition(s): adv.: Purely; unmixedly; absolutely.; adv.: Not otherwise than; simply; barely; only.
Found on page(s): [20, 26, 30]

contradiction - contradiction, Definition(s): n.: An assertion of the contrary to what has been said or affirmed; denial of the truth of a statement or assertion; contrary declaration; gainsaying.; n.: Direct opposition or repugnancy; inconsistency; incongruity or contrariety; one who or that which is inconsistent.
Found on page(s): [20]

pang - pang, Definition(s): n.: A paroxysm of extreme pain or anguish; a sudden and transitory agony; a throe; as the pangs of death.; v. t.: To torture; to cause to have great pain or suffering; to torment.
Found on page(s): [22]

tire - tire, Definition(s): n.: A tier row or rank. See Tier.; n.: Attire; apparel.; n.: A covering for the head; a headdress.; n.: A child's apron covering the breast and having no sleeves; a pinafore; a tier.; n.: Furniture; apparatus; equipment.; n.: A hoop or band as of metal on the circumference of the wheel of a vehicle to impart strength and receive the wear.; v. t.: To adorn; to attire; to dress.; v. i.: To seize pull and tear prey as a hawk does.; v. i.: To seize rend or tear something as prey; to be fixed upon or engaged with anything.; v. i.: To become weary; to be fatigued; to have the strength fail; to have the patience exhausted; as a feeble person soon tires.; v. t.: To exhaust the strength of as by toil or labor; to exhaust the patience of; to wear out (one's interest attention or the like); to weary; to fatigue; to jade.
Found on page(s): [31]

henceforth - henceforth, Definition(s): adv.: From this time forward; henceforward.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 25, 36, 41, 49]

wealth - wealth, Definition(s): n.: Weal; welfare; prosperity; good.; n.: Large possessions; a comparative abundance of things which are objects of human desire; esp. abundance of worldly estate; affluence; opulence; riches.
Found on page(s): [40]

desire - desire, Definition(s): v. t.: To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet.; v. t.: To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.; v. t.: To require; to demand; to claim.; v. t.: To miss; to regret.; v. t.: The natural longing that is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of any good and impels to action or effort its continuance or possession; an eager wish to obtain or enjoy.; v. t.: An expressed wish; a request; petition.; v. t.: Anything which is desired; an object of longing.; v. t.: Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.; v. t.: Grief; regret.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 6, 9, 11, 13, 16, 18, 19, 25, 29, 52, 54, 56]

suitor - suitor, Definition(s): n.: One who sues petitions or entreats; a petitioner; an applicant.; n.: Especially one who solicits a woman in marriage; a wooer; a lover.; n.: One who sues or prosecutes a demand in court; a party to a suit as a plaintiff petitioner etc.; n.: One who attends a court as plaintiff defendant petitioner appellant witness juror or the like.
Found on page(s): [41]

eternal - eternal, Definition(s): a.: Without beginning or end of existence; always existing.; a.: Without end of existence or duration; everlasting; endless; immortal.; a.: Continued without intermission; perpetual; ceaseless; constant.; a.: Existing at all times without change; immutable.; a.: Exceedingly great or bad; -- used as a strong intensive.; n.: One of the appellations of God.; n.: That which is endless and immortal.
Found on page(s): [2, 4, 10, 13, 16, 19, 25, 27, 28, 36, 39, 40, 42, 52]

sword - sword, Definition(s): n.: An offensive weapon having a long and usually sharp/pointed blade with a cutting edge or edges. It is the general term including the small sword rapier saber scimiter and many other varieties.; n.: Hence the emblem of judicial vengeance or punishment or of authority and power.; n.: Destruction by the sword or in battle; war; dissension.; n.: The military power of a country.; n.: One of the end bars by which the lay of a hand loom is suspended.
Found on page(s): [32]

aught - aught, Definition(s): n.: Alt.; n.: Anything; any part.; adv.: At all; in any degree.
Found on page(s): [7, 16, 19, 21, 26, 41, 55]

blameless - blameless, Definition(s): a.: Free from blame; without fault; innocent; guiltless; -- sometimes followed by of.
Found on page(s): [25]

faithless - faithless, Definition(s): a.: Not believing; not giving credit.; a.: Not believing on God or religion; specifically not believing in the Christian religion.; a.: Not observant of promises or covenants.; a.: Not true to allegiance duty or vows; perfidious; trecherous; disloyal; not of true fidelity; inconstant as a husband or a wife.; a.: Serving to disappoint or deceive; delusive; unsatisfying.
Found on page(s): [48]

choice - choice, Definition(s): n.: Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election.; n.: The power or opportunity of choosing; option.; n.: Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred and in giving a preference; discrimination.; n.: A sufficient number to choose among.; n.: The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection.; n.: The best part; that which is preferable.; superl.: Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable.; superl.: Preserving or using with care as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as to be choice of time or of money.; superl.: Selected with care and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
Found on page(s): [41, 55]

impure - impure, Definition(s): a.: Not pure; not clean; dirty; foul; filthy; containing something which is unclean or unwholesome; mixed or impregnated extraneous substances; adulterated; as impure water or air; impure drugs food etc.; a.: Defiled by sin or guilt; unholy; unhallowed; -- said of persons or things.; a.: Unchaste; lewd; unclean; obscene; as impure language or ideas.; a.: Not purified according to the ceremonial law of Moses; unclean.; a.: Not accurate; not idiomatic; as impure Latin; an impure style.; v. t.: To defile; to pollute.
Found on page(s): [22]

beam - beam, Definition(s): n.: Any large piece of timber or iron long in proportion to its thickness and prepared for use.; n.: One of the principal horizontal timbers of a building or ship.; n.: The width of a vessel; as one vessel is said to have more beam than another.; n.: The bar of a balance from the ends of which the scales are suspended.; n.: The principal stem or horn of a stag or other deer which bears the antlers or branches.; n.: The pole of a carriage.; n.: A cylinder of wood making part of a loom on which weavers wind the warp before weaving; also the cylinder on which the cloth is rolled as it is woven; one being called the fore beam the other the back beam.; n.: The straight part or shank of an anchor.; n.: The main part of a plow to which the handles and colter are secured and to the end of which are attached the oxen or horses that draw it.; n.: A heavy iron lever having an oscillating motion on a central axis one end of which is connected with the piston rod from which it receives motion and the other with the crank of the wheel shaft; -- called also working beam or walking beam.; n.: A ray or collection of parallel rays emitted from the sun or other luminous body; as a beam of light or of heat.; n.: Fig.: A ray; a gleam; as a beam of comfort.; n.: One of the long feathers in the wing of a hawk; -- called also beam feather.; v. t.: To send forth; to emit; -- followed ordinarily by forth; as to beam forth light.; v. i.: To emit beams of light.
Found on page(s): [2, 5, 7, 8, 16, 18, 23, 36, 38, 39, 40, 47, 48, 52]

door - door, Definition(s): n.: An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment by which to go in and out; an entrance way.; n.: The frame or barrier of boards or other material usually turning on hinges by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.; n.: Passage; means of approach or access.; n.: An entrance way but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Found on page(s): [10, 22]

hid - hid, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hide. See Hidden.; : of Hide.
Found on page(s): [5]

haply - haply, Definition(s): adv.: By hap chance luck or accident; perhaps; it may be.
Found on page(s): [14, 33]

compact - compact, Definition(s): p. p. & a: Joined or held together; leagued; confederated.; p. p. & a: Composed or made; -- with of.; p. p. & a: Closely or firmly united as the particles of solid bodies; firm; close; solid; dense.; p. p. & a: Brief; close; pithy; not diffuse; not verbose; as a compact discourse.; v. t.: To thrust drive or press closely together; to join firmly; to consolidate; to make close; -- as the parts which compose a body.; v. t.: To unite or connect firmly as in a system.; n.: An agreement between parties; a covenant or contract.
Found on page(s): [8, 17, 43]

speedy - speedy, Definition(s): superl.: Not dilatory or slow; quick; swift; nimble; hasty; rapid in motion or performance; as a speedy flight; on speedy foot.
Found on page(s): [50]

doom - doom, Definition(s): v. t.: Judgment; judicial sentence; penal decree; condemnation.; v. t.: That to which one is doomed or sentenced; destiny or fate esp. unhappy destiny; penalty.; v. t.: Ruin; death.; v. t.: Discriminating opinion or judgment; discrimination; discernment; decision.; v. t.: To judge; to estimate or determine as a judge.; v. t.: To pronounce sentence or judgment on; to condemn; to consign by a decree or sentence; to sentence; as a criminal doomed to chains or death.; v. t.: To ordain as penalty; hence to mulct or fine.; v. t.: To assess a tax upon by estimate or at discretion.; v. t.: To destine; to fix irrevocably the destiny or fate of; to appoint as by decree or by fate.
Found on page(s): [25, 38]

visage - visage, Definition(s): n.: The face countenance or look of a person or an animal; -- chiefly applied to the human face.; v. t.: To face.
Found on page(s): [32, 37]

anticipative - anticipative, Definition(s): a.: Anticipating or containing anticipation.
Found on page(s): [36]

husband - husband, Definition(s): n.: The male head of a household; one who orders the economy of a family.; n.: A cultivator; a tiller; a husbandman.; n.: One who manages or directs with prudence and economy; a frugal person; an economist.; n.: A married man; a man who has a wife; -- the correlative to wife.; n.: The male of a pair of animals.; v. t.: To direct and manage with frugality; to use or employ to good purpose and the best advantage; to spend apply or use with economy.; v. t.: To cultivate as land; to till.; v. t.: To furnish with a husband.
Found on page(s): [41]

pallas - pallas, Definition(s): n.: Pallas Athene the Grecian goddess of wisdom called also Athene and identified at a later period with the Roman Minerva.
Found on page(s): [21]

listen - listen, Definition(s): v. i.: To give close attention with the purpose of hearing; to give ear; to hearken; to attend.; v. i.: To give heed; to yield to advice; to follow admonition; to obey.; v. t.: To attend to.
Found on page(s): [5, 6, 9]

shown - shown, Definition(s): : p. p. of Show.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 13, 39, 55]

bloom - bloom, Definition(s): n.: A blossom; the flower of a plant; an expanded bud; flowers collectively.; n.: The opening of flowers in general; the state of blossoming or of having the flowers open; as the cherry trees are in bloom.; n.: A state or time of beauty freshness and vigor; an opening to higher perfection analogous to that of buds into blossoms; as the bloom of youth.; n.: The delicate powdery coating upon certain growing or newly-gathered fruits or leaves as on grapes plums etc. Hence: Anything giving an appearance of attractive freshness; a flush; a glow.; n.: The clouded appearance which varnish sometimes takes upon the surface of a picture.; n.: A yellowish deposit or powdery coating which appears on well-tanned leather.; n.: A popular term for a bright-hued variety of some minerals; as the rose-red cobalt bloom.; v. i.: To produce or yield blossoms; to blossom; to flower or be in flower.; v. i.: To be in a state of healthful growing youth and vigor; to show beauty and freshness as of flowers; to give promise as by or with flowers.; v. t.: To cause to blossom; to make flourish.; v. t.: To bestow a bloom upon; to make blooming or radiant.; n.: A mass of wrought iron from the Catalan forge or from the puddling furnace deprived of its dross and shaped usually in the form of an oblong block by shingling.; n.: A large bar of steel formed directly from an ingot by hammering or rolling being a preliminary shape for further working.
Found on page(s): [38]

zone - zone, Definition(s): n.: A girdle; a cincture.; n.: One of the five great divisions of the earth with respect to latitude and temperature.; n.: The portion of the surface of a sphere included between two parallel planes; the portion of a surface of revolution included between two planes perpendicular to the axis.; n.: A band or stripe extending around a body.; n.: A band or area of growth encircling anything; as a zone of evergreens on a mountain; the zone of animal or vegetable life in the ocean around an island or a continent; the Alpine zone that part of mountains which is above the limit of tree growth.; n.: A series of planes having mutually parallel intersections.; n.: Circuit; circumference.; v. t.: To girdle; to encircle.
Found on page(s): [37]

beat - beat, Definition(s): v. t.: To strike repeatedly; to lay repeated blows upon; as to beat one's breast; to beat iron so as to shape it; to beat grain in order to force out the seeds; to beat eggs and sugar; to beat a drum.; v. t.: To punish by blows; to thrash.; v. t.: To scour or range over in hunting accompanied with the noise made by striking bushes etc. for the purpose of rousing game.; v. t.: To dash against or strike as with water or wind.; v. t.: To tread as a path.; v. t.: To overcome in a battle contest strife race game etc.; to vanquish or conquer; to surpass.; v. t.: To cheat; to chouse; to swindle; to defraud; -- often with out.; v. t.: To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble.; v. t.: To give the signal for by beat of drum; to sound by beat of drum; as to beat an alarm a charge a parley a retreat; to beat the general the reveille the tattoo. See Alarm Charge Parley etc.; v. i.: To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly.; v. i.: To move with pulsation or throbbing.; v. i.: To come or act with violence; to dash or fall with force; to strike anything as rain wind and waves do.; v. i.: To be in agitation or doubt.; v. i.: To make progress against the wind by sailing in a zigzag line or traverse.; v. i.: To make a sound when struck; as the drums beat.; v. i.: To make a succession of strokes on a drum; as the drummers beat to call soldiers to their quarters.; v. i.: To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and less intensity so as to produce a pulsating effect; -- said of instruments tones or vibrations not perfectly in unison.; n.: A stroke; a blow.; n.: A recurring stroke; a throb; a pulsation; as a beat of the heart; the beat of the pulse.; n.: The rise or fall of the hand or foot marking the divisions of time; a division of the measure so marked. In the rhythm of music the beat is the unit.; n.: A transient grace note struck immediately before the one it is intended to ornament.; n.: A sudden swelling or reenforcement of a sound recurring at regular intervals and produced by the interference of sound waves of slightly different periods of vibrations; applied also by analogy to other kinds of wave motions; the pulsation or throbbing produced by the vibrating together of two tones not quite in unison. See Beat v. i. 8.; v. i.: A round or course which is frequently gone over; as a watchman's beat.; v. i.: A place of habitual or frequent resort.; v. i.: A cheat or swindler of the lowest grade; -- often emphasized by dead; as a dead beat.; a.: Weary; tired; fatigued; exhausted.
Found on page(s): [39]

inscription - inscription, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of inscribing.; n.: That which is inscribed; something written or engraved; especially a word or words written or engraved on a solid substance for preservation or public inspection; as inscriptions on monuments pillars coins medals etc.; n.: A line of division or intersection; as the tendinous inscriptions or intersections of a muscle.; n.: An address consignment or informal dedication as of a book to a person as a mark of respect or an invitation of patronage.
Found on page(s): [46]

bear - bear, Definition(s): v. t.: To support or sustain; to hold up.; v. t.: To support and remove or carry; to convey.; v. t.: To conduct; to bring; -- said of persons.; v. t.: To possess and use as power; to exercise.; v. t.: To sustain; to have on (written or inscribed or as a mark) as the tablet bears this inscription.; v. t.: To possess or carry as a mark of authority or distinction; to wear; as to bear a sword badge or name.; v. t.: To endure; to tolerate; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To gain or win.; v. t.: To sustain or be answerable for as blame expense responsibility etc.; v. t.: To render or give; to bring forward.; v. t.: To carry on or maintain; to have.; v. t.: To admit or be capable of; that is to suffer or sustain without violence injury or change.; v. t.: To manage wield or direct.; v. t.: To behave; to conduct.; v. t.: To afford; to be to; to supply with.; v. t.: To bring forth or produce; to yield; as to bear apples; to bear children; to bear interest.; v. i.: To produce as fruit; to be fruitful in opposition to barrenness.; v. i.: To suffer as in carrying a burden.; v. i.: To endure with patience; to be patient.; v. i.: To press; -- with on or upon or against.; v. i.: To take effect; to have influence or force; as to bring matters to bear.; v. i.: To have a certain meaning intent or effect.; v. i.: To be situated as to the point of compass with respect to something else; as the land bears N. by E.; n.: A bier.; n.: Any species of the genus Ursus and of the closely allied genera. Bears are plantigrade Carnivora but they live largely on fruit and insects.; n.: An animal which has some resemblance to a bear in form or habits but no real affinity; as the woolly bear; ant bear; water bear; sea bear.; n.: One of two constellations in the northern hemisphere called respectively the Great Bear and the Lesser Bear or Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.; n.: Metaphorically: A brutal coarse or morose person.; n.: A person who sells stocks or securities for future delivery in expectation of a fall in the market.; n.: A portable punching machine.; n.: A block covered with coarse matting; -- used to scour the deck.; v. t.: To endeavor to depress the price of or prices in; as to bear a railroad stock; to bear the market.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [3, 34, 50]

consider - consider, Definition(s): v. t.: To fix the mind on with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on.; v. t.: To look at attentively; to observe; to examine.; v. t.: To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.; v. t.: To estimate; to think; to regard; to view.; v. i.: To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate.; v. i.: To hesitate.
Found on page(s): [27, 33]

rhine - rhine, Definition(s): n.: A water course; a ditch.
Found on page(s): [21]

whither - whither, Definition(s): adv.: To what or which place; -- used relatively.; adv.: To what point degree end conclusion or design; whereunto; whereto; -- used in a sense not physical.
Found on page(s): [4, 11, 50]

tree - tree, Definition(s): n.: Any perennial woody plant of considerable size (usually over twenty feet high) and growing with a single trunk.; n.: Something constructed in the form of or considered as resembling a tree consisting of a stem or stock and branches; as a genealogical tree.; n.: A piece of timber or something commonly made of timber; -- used in composition as in axletree boottree chesstree crosstree whiffletree and the like.; n.: A cross or gallows; as Tyburn tree.; n.: Wood; timber.; n.: A mass of crystals aggregated in arborescent forms obtained by precipitation of a metal from solution. See Lead tree under Lead.; v. t.: To drive to a tree; to cause to ascend a tree; as a dog trees a squirrel.; v. t.: To place upon a tree; to fit with a tree; to stretch upon a tree; as to tree a boot. See Tree n. 3.
Found on page(s): [1, 48]

sacrifice - sacrifice, Definition(s): n.: The offering of anything to God or to a god; consecratory rite.; n.: Anything consecrated and offered to God or to a divinity; an immolated victim or an offering of any kind laid upon an altar or otherwise presented in the way of religious thanksgiving atonement or conciliation.; n.: Destruction or surrender of anything for the sake of something else; devotion of some desirable object in behalf of a higher object or to a claim deemed more pressing; hence also the thing so devoted or given up; as the sacrifice of interest to pleasure or of pleasure to interest.; n.: A sale at a price less than the cost or the actual value.; n.: To make an offering of; to consecrate or present to a divinity by way of expiation or propitiation or as a token acknowledgment or thanksgiving; to immolate on the altar of God in order to atone for sin to procure favor or to express thankfulness; as to sacrifice an ox or a sheep.; n.: Hence to destroy surrender or suffer to be lost for the sake of obtaining something; to give up in favor of a higher or more imperative object or duty; to devote with loss or suffering.; n.: To destroy; to kill.; n.: To sell at a price less than the cost or the actual value.; v. i.: To make offerings to God or to a deity of things consumed on the altar; to offer sacrifice.
Found on page(s): [17, 18, 28]

particular - particular, Definition(s): a.: Relating to a part or portion of anything; concerning a part separated from the whole or from others of the class; separate; sole; single; individual; specific; as the particular stars of a constellation.; a.: Of or pertaining to a single person class or thing; belonging to one only; not general; not common; hence personal; peculiar; singular.; a.: Separate or distinct by reason of superiority; distinguished; important; noteworthy; unusual; special; as he brought no particular news; she was the particular belle of the party.; a.: Concerned with or attentive to details; minute; circumstantial; precise; as a full and particular account of an accident; hence nice; fastidious; as a man particular in his dress.; a.: Containing a part only; limited; as a particular estate or one precedent to an estate in remainder.; a.: Holding a particular estate; as a particular tenant.; a.: Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject; as a particular proposition; -- opposed to universal: e. g. (particular affirmative) Some men are wise; (particular negative) Some men are not wise.; n.: A separate or distinct member of a class or part of a whole; an individual fact point circumstance detail or item which may be considered separately; as the particulars of a story.; n.: Special or personal peculiarity trait or character; individuality; interest etc.; n.: One of the details or items of grounds of claim; -- usually in the pl.; also a bill of particulars; a minute account; as a particular of premises.
Found on page(s): [14]

valorous - valorous, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or exhibiting valor; brave; courageous; valiant; intrepid.
Found on page(s): [21]

pause - pause, Definition(s): n.: A temporary stop or rest; an intermission of action; interruption; suspension; cessation.; n.: Temporary inaction or waiting; hesitation; suspence; doubt.; n.: In speaking or reading aloud a brief arrest or suspension of voice to indicate the limits and relations of sentences and their parts.; n.: In writing and printing a mark indicating the place and nature of an arrest of voice in reading; a punctuation point; as teach the pupil to mind the pauses.; n.: A break or paragraph in writing.; n.: A hold. See 4th Hold 7.; n.: To make a short stop; to cease for a time; to intermit speaking or acting; to stop; to wait; to rest.; n.: To be intermitted; to cease; as the music pauses.; n.: To hesitate; to hold back; to delay.; n.: To stop in order to consider; hence to consider; to reflect.; v. t.: To cause to stop or rest; -- used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [38]

eclipse - eclipse, Definition(s): n.: An interception or obscuration of the light of the sun moon or other luminous body by the intervention of some other body either between it and the eye or between the luminous body and that illuminated by it. A lunar eclipse is caused by the moon passing through the earth's shadow; a solar eclipse by the moon coming between the sun and the observer. A satellite is eclipsed by entering the shadow of its primary. The obscuration of a planet or star by the moon or a planet though of the nature of an eclipse is called an occultation. The eclipse of a small portion of the sun by Mercury or Venus is called a transit of the planet.; n.: The loss usually temporary or partial of light brilliancy luster honor consciousness etc.; obscuration; gloom; darkness.; v. t.: To cause the obscuration of; to darken or hide; -- said of a heavenly body; as the moon eclipses the sun.; v. t.: To obscure darken or extinguish the beauty luster honor etc. of; to sully; to cloud; to throw into the shade by surpassing.; v. i.: To suffer an eclipse.
Found on page(s): [7]

formal - formal, Definition(s): n.: See Methylal.; a.: Belonging to the form shape frame external appearance or organization of a thing.; a.: Belonging to the constitution of a thing as distinguished from the matter composing it; having the power of making a thing what it is; constituent; essential; pertaining to or depending on the forms so called of the human intellect.; a.: Done in due form or with solemnity; according to regular method; not incidental sudden or irregular; express; as he gave his formal consent.; a.: Devoted to or done in accordance with forms or rules; punctilious; regular; orderly; methodical; of a prescribed form; exact; prim; stiff; ceremonious; as a man formal in his dress his gait his conversation.; a.: Having the form or appearance without the substance or essence; external; as formal duty; formal worship; formal courtesy etc.; a.: Dependent in form; conventional.; a.: Sound; normal.
Found on page(s): [7, 8]

twice - twice, Definition(s): adv.: Two times; once and again.; adv.: Doubly; in twofold quantity or degree; as twice the sum; he is twice as fortunate as his neighbor.
Found on page(s): [20, 45, 55]

ample - ample, Definition(s): a.: Large; great in size extent capacity or bulk; spacious; roomy; widely extended.; a.: Fully sufficient; abundant; liberal; copious; as an ample fortune; ample justice.; a.: Not contracted of brief; not concise; extended; diffusive; as an ample narrative.
Found on page(s): [7, 28, 51]

soar - soar, Definition(s): v. i.: To fly aloft as a bird; to mount upward on wings or as on wings.; v. i.: Fig.: To rise in thought spirits or imagination; to be exalted in mood.; n.: The act of soaring; upward flight.; a.: See 3d Sore.; a.: See Sore reddish brown.
Found on page(s): [26, 37]

surety - surety, Definition(s): n.: The state of being sure; certainty; security.; n.: That which makes sure; that which confirms; ground of confidence or security.; n.: Security against loss or damage; security for payment or for the performance of some act.; n.: One who is bound with and for another who is primarily liable and who is called the principal; one who engages to answer for another's appearance in court or for his payment of a debt or for performance of some act; a bondsman; a bail.; n.: Hence a substitute; a hostage.; n.: Evidence; confirmation; warrant.; v. t.: To act as surety for.
Found on page(s): [44]

pleader - pleader, Definition(s): n.: One who pleads; one who argues for or against; an advotate.; n.: One who draws up or forms pleas; the draughtsman of pleas or pleadings in the widest sense; as a special pleader.
Found on page(s): [39]

distortion - distortion, Definition(s): n.: The act of distorting or twisting out of natural or regular shape; a twisting or writhing motion; as the distortions of the face or body.; n.: A wresting from the true meaning.; n.: The state of being distorted or twisted out of shape or out of true position; crookedness; perversion.; n.: An unnatural deviation of shape or position of any part of the body producing visible deformity.
Found on page(s): [50]

composure - composure, Definition(s): n.: The act of composing or that which is composed; a composition.; n.: Orderly adjustment; disposition.; n.: Frame; make; temperament.; n.: A settled state; calmness; sedateness; tranquillity; repose.; n.: A combination; a union; a bond.
Found on page(s): [11]

refracted - refracted, Definition(s): a.: Bent backward angularly as if half-broken; as a refracted stem or leaf.; a.: Turned from a direct course by refraction; as refracted rays of light.
Found on page(s): [7]

elsewhere - elsewhere, Definition(s): adv.: In any other place; as these trees are not to be found elsewhere.; adv.: In some other place; in other places indefinitely; as it is reported in town and elsewhere.
Found on page(s): [1, 4]

shepherd - shepherd, Definition(s): n.: A man employed in tending feeding and guarding sheep esp. a flock grazing at large.; n.: The pastor of a church; one with the religious guidance of others.; v. t.: To tend as a shepherd; to guard herd lead or drive as a shepherd.
Found on page(s): [18, 20, 35, 43]

radiant - radiant, Definition(s): a.: Emitting or proceeding as from a center; resembling rays; radiating; radiate.; a.: Especially emitting or darting rays of light or heat; issuing in beams or rays; beaming with brightness; emitting a vivid light or splendor; as the radiant sun.; a.: Beaming with vivacity and happiness; as a radiant face.; a.: Giving off rays; -- said of a bearing; as the sun radiant; a crown radiant.; a.: Having a raylike appearance as the large marginal flowers of certain umbelliferous plants; -- said also of the cluster which has such marginal flowers.; n.: The luminous point or object from which light emanates; also a body radiating light brightly.; n.: A straight line proceeding from a given point or fixed pole about which it is conceived to revolve.; n.: The point in the heavens at which the apparent paths of shooting stars meet when traced backward or whence they appear to radiate.
Found on page(s): [52]

reproof - reproof, Definition(s): n.: Refutation; confutation; contradiction.; n.: An expression of blame or censure; especially blame expressed to the face; censure for a fault; chiding; reproach.
Found on page(s): [9, 43]

wolves - wolves, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Wolf.
Found on page(s): [12]

tend - tend, Definition(s): v. t.: To make a tender of; to offer or tender.; v. t.: To accompany as an assistant or protector; to care for the wants of; to look after; to watch; to guard; as shepherds tend their flocks.; v. t.: To be attentive to; to note carefully; to attend to.; v. i.: To wait as attendants or servants; to serve; to attend; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To await; to expect.; a.: To move in a certain direction; -- usually with to or towards.; a.: To be directed as to any end object or purpose; to aim; to have or give a leaning; to exert activity or influence; to serve as a means; to contribute; as our petitions if granted might tend to our destruction.
Found on page(s): [47]

beaming - beaming, Definition(s): a.: Emitting beams; radiant.
Found on page(s): [24, 37]

stripling - stripling, Definition(s): n.: A youth in the state of adolescence or just passing from boyhood to manhood; a lad.
Found on page(s): [41]

friar - friar, Definition(s): n.: A brother or member of any religious order but especially of one of the four mendicant orders viz: (a) Minors Gray Friars or Franciscans. (b) Augustines. (c) Dominicans or Black Friars. (d) White Friars or Carmelites. See these names in the Vocabulary.; n.: A white or pale patch on a printed page.; n.: An American fish; the silversides.
Found on page(s): [46]

dimension - dimension, Definition(s): n.: Measure in a single line as length breadth height thickness or circumference; extension; measurement; -- usually in the plural measure in length and breadth or in length breadth and thickness; extent; size; as the dimensions of a room or of a ship; the dimensions of a farm of a kingdom.; n.: Extent; reach; scope; importance; as a project of large dimensions.; n.: The degree of manifoldness of a quantity; as time is quantity having one dimension; volume has three dimensions relative to extension.; n.: A literal factor as numbered in characterizing a term. The term dimensions forms with the cardinal numbers a phrase equivalent to degree with the ordinal; thus a2b2c is a term of five dimensions or of the fifth degree.; n.: The manifoldness with which the fundamental units of time length and mass are involved in determining the units of other physical quantities.
Found on page(s): [6]

thither - thither, Definition(s): adv.: To that place; -- opposed to hither.; adv.: To that point end or result; as the argument tended thither.; a.: Being on the farther side from the person speaking; farther; -- a correlative of hither; as on the thither side of the water.; a.: Applied to time: On the thither side of older than; of more years than. See Hither a.
Found on page(s): [4, 37]

taen - taen, Definition(s): : Alt.
Found on page(s): [18, 43, 47]

whereto - whereto, Definition(s): adv.: To which; -- used relatively.; adv.: To what; to what end; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [56]

erst - erst, Definition(s): adv.: First.; adv.: Previously; before; formerly; heretofore.
Found on page(s): [9, 20, 34, 40]

dotage - dotage, Definition(s): v. i.: Feebleness or imbecility of understanding or mind particularly in old age; the childishness of old age; senility; as a venerable man now in his dotage.; v. i.: Foolish utterance; drivel.; v. i.: Excessive fondness; weak and foolish affection.
Found on page(s): [28]

revenge - revenge, Definition(s): v. t.: To inflict harm in return for as an injury insult etc.; to exact satisfaction for under a sense of injury; to avenge; -- followed either by the wrong received or by the person or thing wronged as the object or by the reciprocal pronoun as direct object and a preposition before the wrong done or the wrongdoer.; v. t.: To inflict injury for in a spiteful wrong or malignant spirit; to wreak vengeance for maliciously.; n.: The act of revenging; vengeance; retaliation; a returning of evil for evil.; n.: The disposition to revenge; a malignant wishing of evil to one who has done us an injury.
Found on page(s): [24]

eighth - eighth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the seventh.; a.: Consisting of one of eight equal divisions of a thing.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by eight; one of eight equal parts; an eighth part.; n.: The interval of an octave.
Found on page(s): [6, 39]

banner - banner, Definition(s): n.: A kind of flag attached to a spear or pike by a crosspiece and used by a chief as his standard in battle.; n.: A large piece of silk or other cloth with a device or motto extended on a crosspiece and borne in a procession or suspended in some conspicuous place.; n.: Any flag or standard; as the star-spangled banner.
Found on page(s): [21, 44]

fellowship - fellowship, Definition(s): n.: The state or relation of being or associate.; n.: Companionship of persons on equal and friendly terms; frequent and familiar intercourse.; n.: A state of being together; companionship; partnership; association; hence confederation; joint interest.; n.: Those associated with one as in a family or a society; a company.; n.: A foundation for the maintenance on certain conditions of a scholar called a fellow who usually resides at the university.; n.: The rule for dividing profit and loss among partners; -- called also partnership company and distributive proportion.; v. t.: To acknowledge as of good standing or in communion according to standards of faith and practice; to admit to Christian fellowship.
Found on page(s): [31]

colleague - colleague, Definition(s): n.: A partner or associate in some civil or ecclesiastical office or employment. It is never used of partners in trade or manufactures.; v.t & i.: To unite or associate with another or with others.
Found on page(s): [42]

marking - marking, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which marks; the mark or marks made; arrangement or disposition of marks or coloring; as the marking of a bird's plumage.
Found on page(s): [5, 49]

confession - confession, Definition(s): n.: Acknowledgment; avowal especially in a matter pertaining to one's self; the admission of a debt obligation or crime.; n.: Acknowledgment of belief; profession of one's faith.; n.: The act of disclosing sins or faults to a priest in order to obtain sacramental absolution.; n.: A formulary in which the articles of faith are comprised; a creed to be assented to or signed as a preliminary to admission to membership of a church; a confession of faith.; n.: An admission by a party to whom an act is imputed in relation to such act. A judicial confession settles the issue to which it applies; an extrajudical confession may be explained or rebutted.
Found on page(s): [9]

meridian - meridian, Definition(s): a.: Being at or pertaining to midday; belonging to or passing through the highest point attained by the sun in his diurnal course.; a.: Pertaining to the highest point or culmination; as meridian splendor.; a.: Midday; noon.; a.: Hence: The highest point as of success prosperity or the like; culmination.; a.: A great circle of the sphere passing through the poles of the heavens and the zenith of a given place. It is crossed by the sun at midday.; a.: A great circle on the surface of the earth passing through the poles and any given place; also the half of such a circle included between the poles.
Found on page(s): [34]

kingly - kingly, Definition(s): superl.: Belonging to suitable to or becoming a king; characteristic of resembling a king; directed or administered by a king; monarchical; royal; sovereign; regal; august; noble; grand.; adv.: In a kingly or kinglike manner.
Found on page(s): [49]

gratitude - gratitude, Definition(s): a.: The state of being grateful; warm and friendly feeling toward a benefactor; kindness awakened by a favor received; thankfulness.
Found on page(s): [15]

mean - mean, Definition(s): v. t.: To have in the mind as a purpose intention etc.; v. t.: To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.; v. i.: To have a purpose or intention.; superl.: Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.; superl.: Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless; as a mean motive.; superl.: Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.; superl.: Of poor quality; as mean fare.; superl.: Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as mean hospitality.; a.: Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes.; a.: Intermediate in excellence of any kind.; a.: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation; as mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day.; n.: That which is mean or intermediate between two extremes of place time or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure.; n.: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others from which it is derived and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually unless otherwise specified it is the simple average formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities.; n.: That through which or by the help of which an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.; n.: Hence: Resources; property revenue or the like considered as the condition of easy livelihood or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.; n.: A part whether alto or tenor intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part.; n.: Meantime; meanwhile.; n.: A mediator; a go-between.
Found on page(s): [23, 26, 45]

glad - glad, Definition(s): superl.: Pleased; joyous; happy; cheerful; gratified; -- opposed to sorry sorrowful or unhappy; -- said of persons and often followed by of at that or by the infinitive and sometimes by with introducing the cause or reason.; superl.: Wearing a gay or bright appearance; expressing or exciting joy; producing gladness; exhilarating.; v. t.: To make glad; to cheer; to gladden; to exhilarate.; v. i.: To be glad; to rejoice.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 30, 41]

sometime - sometime, Definition(s): adv.: At a past time indefinitely referred to; once; formerly.; adv.: At a time undefined; once in a while; now and then; sometimes.; adv.: At one time or other hereafter; as I will do it sometime.; a.: Having been formerly; former; late; whilom.
Found on page(s): [37]

dost - dost, Definition(s): 2d pers. sing. pres.: of Do.
Found on page(s): [3, 25, 30, 31, 49, 55]

meed - meed, Definition(s): n.: That which is bestowed or rendered in consideration of merit; reward; recompense.; n.: Merit or desert; worth.; n.: A gift; also a bride.; v. t.: To reward; to repay.; v. t.: To deserve; to merit.
Found on page(s): [32, 42, 51]

innocent - innocent, Definition(s): a.: Not harmful; free from that which can injure; innoxious; innocuous; harmless; as an innocent medicine or remedy.; a.: Morally free from guilt; guiltless; not tainted with sin; pure; upright.; a.: Free from the guilt of a particular crime or offense; as a man is innocent of the crime charged.; a.: Simple; artless; foolish.; a.: Lawful; permitted; as an innocent trade.; a.: Not contraband; not subject to forfeiture; as innocent goods carried to a belligerent nation.; n.: An innocent person; one free from or unacquainted with guilt or sin.; n.: An unsophisticated person; hence a child; a simpleton; an idiot.
Found on page(s): [42]

meek - meek, Definition(s): superl.: Mild of temper; not easily provoked or orritated; patient under injuries; not vain or haughty or resentful; forbearing; submissive.; superl.: Evincing mildness of temper or patience; characterized by mildness or patience; as a meek answer; a meek face.; v. t.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [29, 46, 47]

advance - advance, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring forward; to move towards the van or front; to make to go on.; v. t.: To raise; to elevate.; v. t.: To raise to a higher rank; to promote.; v. t.: To accelerate the growth or progress; to further; to forward; to help on; to aid; to heighten; as to advance the ripening of fruit; to advance one's interests.; v. t.: To bring to view or notice; to offer or propose; to show; as to advance an argument.; v. t.: To make earlier as an event or date; to hasten.; v. t.: To furnish as money or other value before it becomes due or in aid of an enterprise; to supply beforehand; as a merchant advances money on a contract or on goods consigned to him.; v. t.: To raise to a higher point; to enhance; to raise in rate; as to advance the price of goods.; v. t.: To extol; to laud.; v. i.: To move or go forward; to proceed; as he advanced to greet me.; v. i.: To increase or make progress in any respect; as to advance in knowledge in stature in years in price.; v. i.: To rise in rank office or consequence; to be preferred or promoted.; v.: The act of advancing or moving forward or upward; progress.; v.: Improvement or progression physically mentally morally or socially; as an advance in health knowledge or religion; an advance in rank or office.; v.: An addition to the price; rise in price or value; as an advance on the prime cost of goods.; v.: The first step towards the attainment of a result; approach made to gain favor to form an acquaintance to adjust a difference etc.; an overture; a tender; an offer; -- usually in the plural.; v.: A furnishing of something before an equivalent is received (as money or goods) towards a capital or stock or on loan; payment beforehand; the money or goods thus furnished; money or value supplied beforehand.; a.: Before in place or beforehand in time; -- used for advanced; as an advance guard or that before the main guard or body of an army; advance payment or that made before it is due; advance proofs advance sheets pages of a forthcoming volume received in advance of the time of publication.
Found on page(s): [42, 49]

doth - doth, Definition(s): 3d pers. sing. pres.: of Do.
Found on page(s): [14, 16, 21, 23, 26, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 41, 43, 44, 48, 50, 51]

path - path, Definition(s): n.: A trodden way; a footway.; n.: A way course or track in which anything moves or has moved; route; passage; an established way; as the path of a meteor of a caravan of a storm of a pestilence. Also used figuratively of a course of life or action.; v. t.: To make a path in or on (something) or for (some one).; v. i.: To walk or go.
Found on page(s): [15, 31, 36, 46]

royally - royally, Definition(s): adv.: In a royal or kingly manner; like a king; as becomes a king.
Found on page(s): [42]

dew - dew, Definition(s): n.: Moisture from the atmosphere condensed by cool bodies upon their surfaces particularly at night.; n.: Figuratively anything which falls lightly and in a refreshing manner.; n.: An emblem of morning or fresh vigor.; v. t.: To wet with dew or as with dew; to bedew; to moisten; as with dew.; a. & n.: Same as Due or Duty.
Found on page(s): [11]

diverse - diverse, Definition(s): a.: Different; unlike; dissimilar; distinct; separate.; a.: Capable of various forms; multiform.; adv.: In different directions; diversely.; v. i.: To turn aside.
Found on page(s): [23]

hunting - hunting, Definition(s): n.: The pursuit of game or of wild animals.
Found on page(s): [40]

safely - safely, Definition(s): adv.: In a safe manner; danger injury loss or evil consequences.
Found on page(s): [47]

soft - soft, Definition(s): superl.: Easily yielding to pressure; easily impressed molded or cut; not firm in resisting; impressible; yielding; also malleable; -- opposed to hard; as a soft bed; a soft peach; soft earth; soft wood or metal.; superl.: Not rough rugged or harsh to the touch; smooth; delicate; fine; as soft silk; a soft skin.; superl.: Hence agreeable to feel taste or inhale; not irritating to the tissues; as a soft liniment; soft wines.; superl.: Not harsh or offensive to the sight; not glaring; pleasing to the eye; not exciting by intensity of color or violent contrast; as soft hues or tints.; superl.: Not harsh or rough in sound; gentle and pleasing to the ear; flowing; as soft whispers of music.; superl.: Easily yielding; susceptible to influence; flexible; gentle; kind.; superl.: Expressing gentleness tenderness or the like; mild; conciliatory; courteous; kind; as soft eyes.; superl.: Effeminate; not courageous or manly weak.; superl.: Gentle in action or motion; easy.; superl.: Weak in character; impressible.; superl.: Somewhat weak in intellect.; superl.: Quiet; undisturbed; paceful; as soft slumbers.; superl.: Having or consisting of a gentle curve or curves; not angular or abrupt; as soft outlines.; superl.: Not tinged with mineral salts; adapted to decompose soap; as soft water is the best for washing.; superl.: Applied to a palatal a sibilant or a dental consonant (as g in gem c in cent etc.) as distinguished from a guttural mute (as g in go c in cone etc.); -- opposed to hard.; superl.: Belonging to the class of sonant elements as distinguished from the surd and considered as involving less force in utterance; as b d g z v etc. in contrast with p t k s f etc.; n.: A soft or foolish person; an idiot.; adv.: Softly; without roughness or harshness; gently; quietly.; interj.: Be quiet; hold; stop; not so fast.
Found on page(s): [39]

prime - prime, Definition(s): #: Donne (#) (pl.; a.: First in order of time; original; primeval; primitive; primary.; a.: First in rank degree dignity authority or importance; as prime minister.; a.: First in excellence; of highest quality; as prime wheat; a prime quality of cloth.; a.: Early; blooming; being in the first stage.; a.: Lecherous; lustful; lewd.; a.: Marked or distinguished by a mark (') called a prime mark.; n.: The first part; the earliest stage; the beginning or opening as of the day the year etc.; hence the dawn; the spring.; n.: The spring of life; youth; hence full health strength or beauty; perfection.; n.: That which is first in quantity; the most excellent portion; the best part.; a.: The morning; specifically (R. C. Ch.) the first canonical hour succeeding to lauds.; a.: The first of the chief guards.; a.: Any number expressing the combining weight or equivalent of any particular element; -- so called because these numbers were respectively reduced to their lowest relative terms on the fixed standard of hydrogen as 1.; a.: A prime number. See under Prime a.; a.: An inch as composed of twelve seconds in the duodecimal system; -- denoted by [']. See 2d Inch n. 1.; a.: To apply priming to as a musket or a cannon; to apply a primer to as a metallic cartridge.; a.: To lay the first color coating or preparation upon (a surface) as in painting; as to prime a canvas a wall.; a.: To prepare; to make ready; to instruct beforehand; to post; to coach; as to prime a witness; the boys are primed for mischief.; a.: To trim or prune as trees.; a.: To mark with a prime mark.; v. i.: To be renewed or as at first.; v. i.: To serve as priming for the charge of a gun.; v. i.: To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition which causes water to become mixed with and be carried along with the steam that is formed; -- said of a steam boiler.
Found on page(s): [15, 20, 21]

intellect - intellect, Definition(s): n.: The part or faculty of the human soul by which it knows as distinguished from the power to feel and to will; sometimes the capacity for higher forms of knowledge as distinguished from the power to perceive objects in their relations; the power to judge and comprehend; the thinking faculty; the understanding.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 16]

pass - pass, Definition(s): v. i.: To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as to pass on by out in etc.; to pass swiftly directly smoothly etc.; to pass to the rear under the yoke over the bridge across the field beyond the border etc.; v. i.: To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession condition or circumstances; to undergo transition; as the business has passed into other hands.; v. i.: To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically to depart from life; to die.; v. i.: To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorily.; v. i.: To go by or glide by as time; to elapse; to be spent; as their vacation passed pleasantly.; v. i.: To go from one person to another; hence to be given and taken freely; as clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation.; v. i.: To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.; v. i.: To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as he attempted the examination but did not expect to pass.; v. i.: To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence to continue; to live along.; v. i.: To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as we let this act pass.; v. i.: To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.; v. i.: To take heed; to care.; v. i.: To go through the intestines.; v. i.: To be conveyed or transferred by will deed or other instrument of conveyance; as an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed.; v. i.: To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.; v. i.: To decline to take an optional action when it is one's turn as to decline to bid or to bet or to play a card; in euchre to decline to make the trump.; v. i.: In football hockey etc. to make a pass; to transfer the ball etc. to another player of one's own side.; v. t.: To go by beyond over through or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as to pass a house a stream a boundary etc.; v. t.: To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.; v. t.: To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.; v. t.: To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.; v. t.: To go successfully through as an examination trail test etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of as a legislative body; as he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.; v. t.: To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person place or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand.; v. t.: To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence to promise; to pledge; as to pass sentence.; v. t.: To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal examination or action; specifically to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law.; v. t.: To put in circulation; to give currency to; as to pass counterfeit money.; v. t.: To cause to obtain entrance admission or conveyance; as to pass a person into a theater or over a railroad.; v. t.: To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.; v. t.: To take a turn with (a line gasket etc.) as around a sail in furling and make secure.; v. t.: To make as a thrust punto etc.; v. i.: An opening road or track available for passing; especially one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as a mountain pass.; v. i.: A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.; v. i.: A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.; v. i.: A single passage of a bar rail sheet etc. between the rolls.; v. i.: State of things; condition; predicament.; v. i.: Permission or license to pass or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as a railroad or theater pass; a military pass.; v. i.: Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit.; v. i.: Estimation; character.; v. i.: A part; a division.
Found on page(s): [5, 7, 39]

whoso - whoso, Definition(s): pron.: Whosoever.
Found on page(s): [51, 53]

mild - mild, Definition(s): superl.: Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence moderate in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh severe irritating violent disagreeable etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as a mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild insanity.
Found on page(s): [51]

milk - milk, Definition(s): n.: A white fluid secreted by the mammary glands of female mammals for the nourishment of their young consisting of minute globules of fat suspended in a solution of casein albumin milk sugar and inorganic salts.; n.: A kind of juice or sap usually white in color found in certain plants; latex. See Latex.; n.: An emulsion made by bruising seeds; as the milk of almonds produced by pounding almonds with sugar and water.; n.: The ripe undischarged spat of an oyster.; v. t.: To draw or press milk from the breasts or udder of by the hand or mouth; to withdraw the milk of.; v. t.: To draw from the breasts or udder; to extract as milk; as to milk wholesome milk from healthy cows.; v. t.: To draw anything from as if by milking; to compel to yield profit or advantage; to plunder.; v. i.: To draw or to yield milk.
Found on page(s): [18, 43]

bede - bede, Definition(s): v. t.: To pray; also to offer; to proffer.; n.: A kind of pickax.
Found on page(s): [39]

whose - whose, Definition(s): pron.: The possessive case of who or which. See Who and Which.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 10, 11, 15, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 29, 31, 32, 34, 35, 36, 38, 39, 42, 44, 45, 47, 48, 49, 53, 55]

mill - mill, Definition(s): n.: A money of account of the United States having the value of the tenth of a cent or the thousandth of a dollar.; n.: A machine for grinding or comminuting any substance as grain by rubbing and crushing it between two hard rough or intented surfaces; as a gristmill a coffee mill; a bone mill.; n.: A machine used for expelling the juice sap etc. from vegetable tissues by pressure or by pressure in combination with a grinding or cutting process; as a cider mill; a cane mill.; n.: A machine for grinding and polishing; as a lapidary mill.; n.: A common name for various machines which produce a manufactured product or change the form of a raw material by the continuous repetition of some simple action; as a sawmill; a stamping mill etc.; n.: A building or collection of buildings with machinery by which the processes of manufacturing are carried on; as a cotton mill; a powder mill; a rolling mill.; n.: A hardened steel roller having a design in relief used for imprinting a reversed copy of the design in a softer metal as copper.; n.: An excavation in rock transverse to the workings from which material for filling is obtained.; n.: A passage underground through which ore is shot.; n.: A milling cutter. See Illust. under Milling.; n.: A pugilistic.; n.: To reduce to fine particles or to small pieces in a mill; to grind; to comminute.; n.: To shape finish or transform by passing through a machine; specifically to shape or dress as metal by means of a rotary cutter.; n.: To make a raised border around the edges of or to cut fine grooves or indentations across the edges of as of a coin or a screw head; also to stamp in a coining press; to coin.; n.: To pass through a fulling mill; to full as cloth.; n.: To beat with the fists.; n.: To roll into bars as steel.; v. i.: To swim under water; -- said of air-breathing creatures.
Found on page(s): [43]

meddle - meddle, Definition(s): v. i.: To mix; to mingle.; v. i.: To interest or engage one's self; to have to do; -- / a good sense.; v. i.: To interest or engage one's self unnecessarily or impertinently to interfere or busy one's self improperly with another's affairs; specifically to handle or distrub another's property without permission; -- often followed by with or in.; v. t.: To mix; to mingle.
Found on page(s): [46]

discern - discern, Definition(s): v. t.: To see and identify by noting a difference or differences; to note the distinctive character of; to discriminate; to distinguish.; v. t.: To see by the eye or by the understanding; to perceive and recognize; as to discern a difference.; v. i.: To see or understand the difference; to make distinction; as to discern between good and evil truth and falsehood.; v. i.: To make cognizance.
Found on page(s): [13, 15, 16, 49]

justinian - justinian, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the Institutes or laws of the Roman Justinian.
Found on page(s): [20]

mirror - mirror, Definition(s): n.: A looking-glass or a speculum; any glass or polished substance that forms images by the reflection of rays of light.; n.: That which gives a true representation or in which a true image may be seen; hence a pattern; an exemplar.; n.: See Speculum.; v. t.: To reflect as in a mirror.
Found on page(s): [55]

wherewith - wherewith, Definition(s): adv.: With which; -- used relatively.; adv.: With what; -- used interrogatively.; n.: The necessary means or instrument.
Found on page(s): [17, 51]

comes - comes, Definition(s): n.: The answer to the theme (dux) in a fugue.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 7, 9, 17, 28, 34, 36, 51]

vanity - vanity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being vain; want of substance to satisfy desire; emptiness; unsubstantialness; unrealness; falsity.; n.: An inflation of mind upon slight grounds; empty pride inspired by an overweening conceit of one's personal attainments or decorations; an excessive desire for notice or approval; pride; ostentation; conceit.; n.: That which is vain; anything empty visionary unreal or unsubstantial; fruitless desire or effort; trifling labor productive of no good; empty pleasure; vain pursuit; idle show; unsubstantial enjoyment.; n.: One of the established characters in the old moralities and puppet shows. See Morality n. 5.
Found on page(s): [32, 38, 43]

bounding - bounding, Definition(s): a.: Moving with a bound or bounds.
Found on page(s): [51]

thereto - thereto, Definition(s): adv.: To that or this.; adv.: Besides; moreover.
Found on page(s): [47]

vineyard - vineyard, Definition(s): n.: An inclosure or yard for grapevines; a plantation of vines producing grapes.
Found on page(s): [45]

alabaster - alabaster, Definition(s): n.: A compact variety or sulphate of lime or gypsum of fine texture and usually white and translucent but sometimes yellow red or gray. It is carved into vases mantel ornaments etc.; n.: A hard compact variety of carbonate of lime somewhat translucent or of banded shades of color; stalagmite. The name is used in this sense by Pliny. It is sometimes distinguished as oriental alabaster.; n.: A box or vessel for holding odoriferous ointments etc.; -- so called from the stone of which it was originally made.
Found on page(s): [54]

spark - spark, Definition(s): n.: A small particle of fire or ignited substance which is emitted by a body in combustion.; n.: A small shining body or transient light; a sparkle.; n.: That which like a spark may be kindled into a flame or into action; a feeble germ; an elementary principle.; n.: A brisk showy gay man.; n.: A lover; a gallant; a beau.; v. i.: To sparkle.; v. i.: To play the spark beau or lover.
Found on page(s): [2]

peter - peter, Definition(s): n.: A common baptismal name for a man.; v. i.: To become exhausted; to run out; to fail; -- used generally with out; as that mine has petered out.
Found on page(s): [38, 42]

weighty - weighty, Definition(s): superl.: Having weight; heavy; ponderous; as a weighty body.; superl.: Adapted to turn the balance in the mind or to convince; important; forcible; serious; momentous.; superl.: Rigorous; severe; afflictive.
Found on page(s): [24]

unlike - unlike, Definition(s): a.: Not like; dissimilar; diverse; having no resemblance; as the cases are unlike.; a.: Not likely; improbable; unlikely.
Found on page(s): [14, 18, 26]

hearing - hearing, Definition(s): n.: The act or power of perceiving sound; perception of sound; the faculty or sense by which sound is perceived; as my hearing is good.; n.: Attention to what is delivered; opportunity to be heard; audience; as I could not obtain a hearing.; n.: A listening to facts and evidence for the sake of adjudication; a session of a court for considering proofs and determining issues.; n.: Extent within which sound may be heard; sound; earshot.
Found on page(s): [51, 55]

rigid - rigid, Definition(s): a.: Firm; stiff; unyielding; not pliant; not flexible.; a.: Hence not lax or indulgent; severe; inflexible; strict; as a rigid father or master; rigid discipline; rigid criticism; a rigid sentence.
Found on page(s): [26]

spare - spare, Definition(s): a.: To use frugally or stintingly as that which is scarce or valuable; to retain or keep unused; to save.; a.: To keep to one's self; to forbear to impart or give.; a.: To preserve from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish injure or harm; to show mercy to.; a.: To save or gain as by frugality; to reserve as from some occupation use or duty.; a.: To deprive one's self of as by being frugal; to do without; to dispense with; to give up; to part with.; v. i.: To be frugal; not to be profuse; to live frugally; to be parsimonious.; v. i.: To refrain from inflicting harm; to use mercy or forbearance.; v. i.: To desist; to stop; to refrain.; v. t.: Scanty; not abundant or plentiful; as a spare diet.; v. t.: Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; chary.; v. t.: Being over and above what is necessary or what must be used or reserved; not wanted or not used; superfluous; as I have no spare time.; v. t.: Held in reserve to be used in an emergency; as a spare anchor; a spare bed or room.; v. t.: Lean; wanting flesh; meager; thin; gaunt.; v. t.: Slow.; n.: The act of sparing; moderation; restraint.; n.: Parsimony; frugal use.; n.: An opening in a petticoat or gown; a placket.; n.: That which has not been used or expended.; n.: The right of bowling again at a full set of pins after having knocked all the pins down in less than three bowls. If all the pins are knocked down in one bowl it is a double spare; in two bowls a single spare.
Found on page(s): [19]

mine - mine, Definition(s): n.: See Mien.; v. i.: To dig a mine or pit in the earth; to get ore metals coal or precious stones out of the earth; to dig in the earth for minerals; to dig a passage or cavity under anything in order to overthrow it by explosives or otherwise.; v. i.: To form subterraneous tunnel or hole; to form a burrow or lodge in the earth; as the mining cony.; v. t.: To dig away or otherwise remove the substratum or foundation of; to lay a mine under; to sap; to undermine; hence to ruin or destroy by slow degrees or secret means.; v. t.: To dig into for ore or metal.; v. t.: To get as metals out of the earth by digging.; v. i.: A pit or excavation in the earth from which metallic ores precious stones coal or other mineral substances are taken by digging; -- distinguished from the pits from which stones for architectural purposes are taken and which are called quarries.; v. i.: A cavity or tunnel made under a fortification or other work for the purpose of blowing up the superstructure with some explosive agent.; v. i.: Any place where ore metals or precious stones are got by digging or washing the soil; as a placer mine.; v. i.: Fig.: A rich source of wealth or other good.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 5, 9, 12, 20, 21, 29, 34, 37, 44, 52, 55]

mind - mind, Definition(s): v.: The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives judges or reasons; also the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body.; v.: The state at any given time of the faculties of thinking willing choosing and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief.; v.: Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will.; v.: Courage; spirit.; v.: Memory; remembrance; recollection; as to have or keep in mind to call to mind to put in mind etc.; n.: To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note.; n.: To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to; as to mind one's business.; n.: To obey; as to mind parents; the dog minds his master.; n.: To have in mind; to purpose.; n.: To put in mind; to remind.; v. i.: To give attention or heed; to obey; as the dog minds well.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 7, 10, 15, 16, 17, 25, 27, 30, 34, 35, 36, 37, 43, 50, 52]

grateful - grateful, Definition(s): a.: Having a due sense of benefits received; kindly disposed toward one from whom a favor has been received; willing to acknowledge and repay or give thanks for benefits; as a grateful heart.; a.: Affording pleasure; pleasing to the senses; gratifying; delicious; as a grateful present; food grateful to the palate; grateful sleep.
Found on page(s): [25, 55]

reverence - reverence, Definition(s): n.: Profound respect and esteem mingled with fear and affection as for a holy being or place; the disposition to revere; veneration.; n.: The act of revering; a token of respect or veneration; an obeisance.; n.: That which deserves or exacts manifestations of reverence; reverend character; dignity; state.; n.: A person entitled to be revered; -- a title applied to priests or other ministers with the pronouns his or your; sometimes poetically to a father.; v. t.: To regard or treat with reverence; to regard with respect and affection mingled with fear; to venerate.
Found on page(s): [21, 29]

affirmation - affirmation, Definition(s): n.: Confirmation of anything established; ratification; as the affirmation of a law.; n.: The act of affirming or asserting as true; assertion; -- opposed to negation or denial.; n.: That which is asserted; an assertion; a positive statement; an averment; as an affirmation by the vender of title to property sold or of its quality.; n.: A solemn declaration made under the penalties of perjury by persons who conscientiously decline taking an oath which declaration is in law equivalent to an oath.
Found on page(s): [49]

constrained - constrained, Definition(s): a.: Marked by constraint; not free; not voluntary; embarrassed; as a constrained manner; a constrained tone.
Found on page(s): [38]

blast - blast, Definition(s): n.: A violent gust of wind.; n.: A forcible stream of air from an orifice as from a bellows the mouth etc. Hence: The continuous blowing to which one charge of ore or metal is subjected in a furnace; as to melt so many tons of iron at a blast.; n.: The exhaust steam from and engine driving a column of air out of a boiler chimney and thus creating an intense draught through the fire; also any draught produced by the blast.; n.: The sound made by blowing a wind instrument; strictly the sound produces at one breath.; n.: A sudden pernicious effect as if by a noxious wind especially on animals and plants; a blight.; n.: The act of rending or attempting to rend heavy masses of rock earth etc. by the explosion of gunpowder dynamite etc.; also the charge used for this purpose.; n.: A flatulent disease of sheep.; v. t.: To injure as by a noxious wind; to cause to wither; to stop or check the growth of and prevent from fruit-bearing by some pernicious influence; to blight; to shrivel.; v. t.: Hence to affect with some sudden violence plague calamity or blighting influence which destroys or causes to fail; to visit with a curse; to curse; to ruin; as to blast pride hopes or character.; v. t.: To confound by a loud blast or din.; v. t.: To rend open by any explosive agent as gunpowder dynamite etc.; to shatter; as to blast rocks.; v. i.: To be blighted or withered; as the bud blasted in the blossom.; v. i.: To blow; to blow on a trumpet.
Found on page(s): [12, 28]

answer - answer, Definition(s): n.: To speak in defense against; to reply to in defense; as to answer a charge; to answer an accusation.; n.: To speak or write in return to as in return to a call or question or to a speech declaration argument or the like; to reply to (a question remark etc.); to respond to.; n.: To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation argument or justification and the like; to refute.; n.: To be or act in return or response to.; n.: To be or act in compliance with in fulfillment or satisfaction of as an order obligation demand; as he answered my claim upon him; the servant answered the bell.; n.: To render account to or for.; n.: To atone; to be punished for.; n.: To be opposite to; to face.; n.: To be or act an equivalent to or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.; n.: To be or act in accommodation conformity relation or proportion to; to correspond to; to suit.; v. i.: To speak or write by way of return (originally to a charge) or in reply; to make response.; v. i.: To make a satisfactory response or return.; v. i.: To render account or to be responsible; to be accountable; to make amends; as the man must answer to his employer for the money intrusted to his care.; v. i.: To be or act in return.; v. i.: To be or act by way of compliance fulfillment reciprocation or satisfaction; to serve the purpose; as gypsum answers as a manure on some soils.; v. i.: To be opposite or to act in opposition.; v. i.: To be or act as an equivalent or as adequate or sufficient; as a very few will answer.; v. i.: To be or act in conformity or by way of accommodation correspondence relation or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; -- usually with to.; n.: A reply to a change; a defense.; n.: Something said or written in reply to a question a call an argument an address or the like; a reply.; n.: Something done in return for or in consequence of something else; a responsive action.; n.: A solution the result of a mathematical operation; as the answer to a problem.; n.: A counter-statement of facts in a course of pleadings; a confutation of what the other party has alleged; a responsive declaration by a witness in reply to a question. In Equity it is the usual form of defense to the complainant's charges in his bill.
Found on page(s): [2, 21, 48, 56]

taught - taught, Definition(s): a.: See Taut.; : imp. & p. p. of Teach.
Found on page(s): [20]

borrow - borrow, Definition(s): v. t.: To receive from another as a loan with the implied or expressed intention of returning the identical article or its equivalent in kind; -- the opposite of lend.; v. t.: To take (one or more) from the next higher denomination in order to add it to the next lower; -- a term of subtraction when the figure of the subtrahend is larger than the corresponding one of the minuend.; v. t.: To copy or imitate; to adopt; as to borrow the style manner or opinions of another.; v. t.: To feign or counterfeit.; v. t.: To receive; to take; to derive.; n.: Something deposited as security; a pledge; a surety; a hostage.; n.: The act of borrowing.
Found on page(s): [19]

ineffable - ineffable, Definition(s): a.: Incapable of being expresses in words; unspeakable; unutterable; indescribable; as the ineffable joys of heaven.
Found on page(s): [36]

thrive - thrive, Definition(s): v. i.: To prosper by industry economy and good management of property; to increase in goods and estate; as a farmer thrives by good husbandry.; v. i.: To prosper in any business; to have increase or success.; v. i.: To increase in bulk or stature; to grow vigorously or luxuriantly as a plant; to flourish; as young cattle thrive in rich pastures; trees thrive in a good soil.
Found on page(s): [38, 40, 43]

desert - desert, Definition(s): n.: That which is deserved; the reward or the punishment justly due; claim to recompense usually in a good sense; right to reward; merit.; n.: A deserted or forsaken region; a barren tract incapable of supporting population as the vast sand plains of Asia and Africa are destitute and vegetation.; n.: A tract which may be capable of sustaining a population but has been left unoccupied and uncultivated; a wilderness; a solitary place.; a.: Of or pertaining to a desert; forsaken; without life or cultivation; unproductive; waste; barren; wild; desolate; solitary; as they landed on a desert island.; v. t.: To leave (especially something which one should stay by and support); to leave in the lurch; to abandon; to forsake; -- implying blame except sometimes when used of localities; as to desert a friend a principle a cause one's country.; v. t.: To abandon (the service) without leave; to forsake in violation of duty; to abscond from; as to desert the army; to desert one's colors.; v. i.: To abandon a service without leave; to quit military service without permission before the expiration of one's term; to abscond.
Found on page(s): [13]

represent - represent, Definition(s): v. t.: To present again or anew; to present by means of something standing in the place of; to exhibit the counterpart or image of; to typify.; v. t.: To portray by pictoral or plastic art; to delineate; as to represent a landscape in a picture a horse in bronze and the like.; v. t.: To portray by mimicry or action of any kind; to act the part or character of; to personate; as to represent Hamlet.; v. t.: To stand in the place of; to supply the place perform the duties exercise the rights or receive the share of; to speak and act with authority in behalf of; to act the part of (another); as an heir represents his ancestor; an attorney represents his client in court; a member of Congress represents his district in Congress.; v. t.: To exhibit to another mind in language; to show; to give one's own impressions and judgement of; to bring before the mind; to set forth; sometimes to give an account of; to describe.; v. t.: To serve as a sign or symbol of; as mathematical symbols represent quantities or relations; words represent ideas or things.; v. t.: To bring a sensation of into the mind or sensorium; to cause to be known felt or apprehended; to present.; v. t.: To form or image again in consciousness as an object of cognition or apprehension (something which was originally apprehended by direct presentation). See Presentative 3.
Found on page(s): [14]

arches - arches, Definition(s): : pl. of Arch n.
Found on page(s): [43]

die - die, Definition(s): v. i.: To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of by with from and rarely for before the cause or occasion of death; as to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought.; v. i.: To suffer death; to lose life.; v. i.: To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished.; v. i.: To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish with weakness discouragement love etc.; v. i.: To become indifferent; to cease to be subject; as to die to pleasure or to sin.; v. i.: To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away.; v. i.: To disappear gradually in another surface as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.; v. i.: To become vapid flat or spiritless as liquor.; n.: A small cube marked on its faces with spots from one to six and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice.; n.: Any small cubical or square body.; n.: That which is or might be determined by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.; n.: That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado.; n.: A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to or impress any desired device on an object or surface by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals coining striking up sheet metal etc.; n.: A perforated block commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch for punching holes as through plates or blanks from plates or for forming cups or capsules as from sheet metal by drawing.; n.: A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool made in one piece or composed of several parts for forming screw threads on bolts etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
Found on page(s): [12, 48]

seeth - seeth, Definition(s): : imp. of Seethe.
Found on page(s): [34]

sometimes - sometimes, Definition(s): adv.: Formerly; sometime.; adv.: At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally.; a.: Former; sometime.
Found on page(s): [4, 44]

priesthood - priesthood, Definition(s): n.: The office or character of a priest; the priestly function.; n.: Priests taken collectively; the order of men set apart for sacred offices; the order of priests.
Found on page(s): [40]

promise - promise, Definition(s): a.: In general a declaration written or verbal made by one person to another which binds the person who makes it to do or to forbear to do a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act.; a.: An engagement by one person to another either in words or in writing but properly not under seal for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person without regard to the consideration for it or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made.; a.: That which causes hope expectation or assurance; especially that which affords expectation of future distinction; as a youth of great promise.; a.: Bestowal fulfillment or grant of what is promised.; v. t.: To engage to do give make or to refrain from doing giving or making or the like; to covenant; to engage; as to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money.; v. t.: To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as the clouds promise rain.; v. t.: To make declaration of or give assurance of as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward.; v. i.: To give assurance by a promise or binding declaration.; v. i.: To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely to give reason to expect evil.
Found on page(s): [11]

adder - adder, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which adds; esp. a machine for adding numbers.; n.: A serpent.; n.: A small venomous serpent of the genus Vipera. The common European adder is the Vipera (/ Pelias) berus. The puff adders of Africa are species of Clotho.; n.: In America the term is commonly applied to several harmless snakes as the milk adder puffing adder etc.; n.: Same as Sea Adder.
Found on page(s): [22]

believing - believing, Definition(s): a.: That believes; having belief.
Found on page(s): [14]

bacchus - bacchus, Definition(s): n.: The god of wine son of Jupiter and Semele.
Found on page(s): [47]

hold - hold, Definition(s): n.: The whole interior portion of a vessel below the lower deck in which the cargo is stowed.; v. t.: To cause to remain in a given situation position or relation within certain limits or the like; to prevent from falling or escaping; to sustain; to restrain; to keep in the grasp; to retain.; v. t.: To retain in one's keeping; to maintain possession of or authority over; not to give up or relinquish; to keep; to defend.; v. t.: To have; to possess; to be in possession of; to occupy; to derive title to; as to hold office.; v. t.: To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.; v. t.: To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.; v. t.: To prosecute have take or join in as something which is the result of united action; as to hold a meeting a festival a session etc.; hence to direct and bring about officially; to conduct or preside at; as the general held a council of war; a judge holds a court; a clergyman holds a service.; v. t.: To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as this pail holds milk; hence to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.; v. t.: To accept as an opinion; to be the adherent of openly or privately; to persist in as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.; v. t.: To consider; to regard; to esteem; to account; to think; to judge.; v. t.: To bear carry or manage; as he holds himself erect; he holds his head high.; n. i.: In general to keep one's self in a given position or condition; to remain fixed.; n. i.: Not to more; to halt; to stop;-mostly in the imperative.; n. i.: Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.; n. i.: Not to fail or be found wanting; to continue; to last; to endure a test or trial; to abide; to persist.; n. i.: Not to fall away desert or prove recreant; to remain attached; to cleave;-often with with to or for.; n. i.: To restrain one's self; to refrain.; n. i.: To derive right or title; -- generally with of.; n.: The act of holding as in or with the hands or arms; the manner of holding whether firm or loose; seizure; grasp; clasp; gripe; possession; -- often used with the verbs take and lay.; n.: The authority or ground to take or keep; claim.; n.: Binding power and influence.; n.: Something that may be grasped; means of support.; n.: A place of confinement; a prison; confinement; custody; guard.; n.: A place of security; a fortified place; a fort; a castle; -- often called a stronghold.; n.: A character [thus /] placed over or under a note or rest and indicating that it is to be prolonged; -- called also pause and corona.
Found on page(s): [6, 18, 20, 23, 33]

tale - tale, Definition(s): n.: See Tael.; v. i.: That which is told; an oral relation or recital; any rehearsal of what has occured; narrative; discourse; statement; history; story.; v. i.: A number told or counted off; a reckoning by count; an enumeration; a count in distinction from measure or weight; a number reckoned or stated.; v. i.: A count or declaration.; v. i.: To tell stories.
Found on page(s): [19]

trail - trail, Definition(s): v. t.: To hunt by the track; to track.; v. t.: To draw or drag as along the ground.; v. t.: To carry as a firearm with the breech near the ground and the upper part inclined forward the piece being held by the right hand near the middle.; v. t.: To tread down as grass by walking through it; to lay flat.; v. t.: To take advantage of the ignorance of; to impose upon.; v. i.: To be drawn out in length; to follow after.; v. i.: To grow to great length especially when slender and creeping upon the ground as a plant; to run or climb.; n.: A track left by man or beast; a track followed by the hunter; a scent on the ground by the animal pursued; as a deer trail.; n.: A footpath or road track through a wilderness or wild region; as an Indian trail over the plains.; n.: Anything drawn out to a length; as the trail of a meteor; a trail of smoke.; n.: Anything drawn behind in long undulations; a train.; n.: Anything drawn along as a vehicle.; n.: A frame for trailing plants; a trellis.; n.: The entrails of a fowl especially of game as the woodcock and the like; -- applied also sometimes to the entrails of sheep.; n.: That part of the stock of a gun carriage which rests on the ground when the piece is unlimbered. See Illust. of Gun carriage under Gun.; n.: The act of taking advantage of the ignorance of a person; an imposition.
Found on page(s): [54]

adamant - adamant, Definition(s): n.: A stone imagined by some to be of impenetrable hardness; a name given to the diamond and other substances of extreme hardness; but in modern mineralogy it has no technical signification. It is now a rhetorical or poetical name for the embodiment of impenetrable hardness.; n.: Lodestone; magnet.
Found on page(s): [5]

bird - bird, Definition(s): n.: Orig. a chicken; the young of a fowl; a young eaglet; a nestling; and hence a feathered flying animal (see 2).; n.: A warm-blooded feathered vertebrate provided with wings. See Aves.; n.: Specifically among sportsmen a game bird.; n.: Fig.: A girl; a maiden.; v. i.: To catch or shoot birds.; v. i.: Hence: To seek for game or plunder; to thieve.
Found on page(s): [20]

reckoning - reckoning, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who reckons counts or computes; the result of reckoning or counting; calculation.; n.: Adjustment of claims and accounts; settlement of obligations liabilities etc.; n.: The charge or account made by a host at an inn.; n.: Esteem; account; estimation.; n.: The calculation of a ship's position either from astronomical observations or from the record of the courses steered and distances sailed as shown by compass and log -- in the latter case called dead reckoning (see under Dead); -- also used for dead reckoning in contradistinction to observation.; n.: The position of a ship as determined by calculation.
Found on page(s): [23]

midst - midst, Definition(s): n.: The interior or central part or place; the middle; -- used chiefly in the objective case after in; as in the midst of the forest.; n.: Hence figuratively the condition of being surrounded or beset; the press; the burden; as in the midst of official duties; in the midst of secular affairs.; prep.: In the midst of; amidst.; adv.: In the middle.
Found on page(s): [47]

purgatory - purgatory, Definition(s): a.: Tending to cleanse; cleansing; expiatory.; n.: A state or place of purification after death; according to the Roman Catholic creed a place or a state believed to exist after death in which the souls of persons are purified by expiating such offenses committed in this life as do not merit eternal damnation or in which they fully satisfy the justice of God for sins that have been forgiven. After this purgation from the impurities of sin the souls are believed to be received into heaven.
Found on page(s): [1]

bespake - bespake, Definition(s): : of Bespeak.
Found on page(s): [5, 19, 40]

stray - stray, Definition(s): a.: To wander as from a direct course; to deviate or go out of the way.; a.: To wander from company or from the proper limits; to rove at large; to roam; to go astray.; a.: Figuratively to wander from the path of duty or rectitude; to err.; v. t.: To cause to stray.; v. i.: Having gone astray; strayed; wandering; as a strayhorse or sheep.; n.: Any domestic animal that has an inclosure or its proper place and company and wanders at large or is lost; an estray. Used also figuratively.; n.: The act of wandering or going astray.
Found on page(s): [9]

journey - journey, Definition(s): n.: The travel or work of a day.; n.: Travel or passage from one place to another; hence figuratively a passage through life.; v. i.: To travel from place to place; to go from home to a distance.; v. t.: To traverse; to travel over or through.
Found on page(s): [35, 38]

planet - planet, Definition(s): n.: A celestial body which revolves about the sun in an orbit of a moderate degree of eccentricity. It is distinguished from a comet by the absence of a coma and by having a less eccentric orbit. See Solar system.; n.: A star as influencing the fate of a men.
Found on page(s): [7]

count - count, Definition(s): v. t.: To tell or name one by one or by groups for the purpose of ascertaining the whole number of units in a collection; to number; to enumerate; to compute; to reckon.; v. t.: To place to an account; to ascribe or impute; to consider or esteem as belonging.; v. t.: To esteem; to account; to reckon; to think judge or consider.; v. i.: To number or be counted; to possess value or carry weight; hence to increase or add to the strength or influence of some party or interest; as every vote counts; accidents count for nothing.; v. i.: To reckon; to rely; to depend; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.; v. t.: The act of numbering; reckoning; also the number ascertained by counting.; v. t.: An object of interest or account; value; estimation.; v. t.: A formal statement of the plaintiff's case in court; in a more technical and correct sense a particular allegation or charge in a declaration or indictment separately setting forth the cause of action or prosecution.; n.: A nobleman on the continent of Europe equal in rank to an English earl.
Found on page(s): [25]

thereafter - thereafter, Definition(s): adv.: After that; afterward.; adv.: According to that; accordingly.; adv.: Of that sort.
Found on page(s): [12, 22]

upwards - upwards, Definition(s): adv.: In a direction from lower to higher; toward a higher place; in a course toward the source or origin; -- opposed to downward; as to tend or roll upward.; adv.: In the upper parts; above.; adv.: Yet more; indefinitely more; above; over.
Found on page(s): [2]

feast - feast, Definition(s): n.: A festival; a holiday; a solemn or more commonly a joyous anniversary.; n.: A festive or joyous meal; a grand ceremonious or sumptuous entertainment of which many guests partake; a banquet characterized by tempting variety and abundance of food.; n.: That which is partaken of or shared in with delight; something highly agreeable; entertainment.; n.: To eat sumptuously; to dine or sup on rich provisions particularly in large companies and on public festivals.; n.: To be highly gratified or delighted.; v. t.: To entertain with sumptuous provisions; to treat at the table bountifully; as he was feasted by the king.; v. t.: To delight; to gratify; as to feast the soul.
Found on page(s): [36]

vision - vision, Definition(s): v.: The act of seeing external objects; actual sight.; v.: The faculty of seeing; sight; one of the five senses by which colors and the physical qualities of external objects are appreciated as a result of the stimulating action of light on the sensitive retina an expansion of the optic nerve.; v.: That which is seen; an object of sight.; v.: Especially that which is seen otherwise than by the ordinary sight or the rational eye; a supernatural prophetic or imaginary sight; an apparition; a phantom; a specter; as the visions of Isaiah.; v.: Hence something unreal or imaginary; a creation of fancy.; v. t.: To see in a vision; to dream.
Found on page(s): [1, 16, 51, 52]

preeminence - preeminence, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being preeminent; superiority in prominence or in excellence; distinction above others in quality rank etc.; rarely in a bad sense superiority or notoriety in evil; as preeminence in honor.
Found on page(s): [26]

thereof - thereof, Definition(s): adv.: Of that or this.
Found on page(s): [7]

acceptance - acceptance, Definition(s): n.: The act of accepting; a receiving what is offered with approbation satisfaction or acquiescence; esp. favorable reception; approval; as the acceptance of a gift office doctrine etc.; n.: State of being accepted; acceptableness.; n.: An assent and engagement by the person on whom a bill of exchange is drawn to pay it when due according to the terms of the acceptance.; n.: The bill itself when accepted.; n.: An agreeing to terms or proposals by which a bargain is concluded and the parties are bound; the reception or taking of a thing bought as that for which it was bought or as that agreed to be delivered or the taking possession as owner.; n.: An agreeing to the action of another by some act which binds the person in law.; n.: Meaning; acceptation.
Found on page(s): [23]

immediate - immediate, Definition(s): a.: Not separated in respect to place by anything intervening; proximate; close; as immediate contact.; a.: Not deferred by an interval of time; present; instant.; a.: Acting with nothing interposed or between or without the intervention of another object as a cause means or agency; acting perceived or produced directly; as an immediate cause.
Found on page(s): [25, 27]

blame - blame, Definition(s): v. t.: To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach.; v. t.: To bring reproach upon; to blemish.; v.: An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure.; v.: That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin.; v.: Hurt; injury.
Found on page(s): [14]

paradise - paradise, Definition(s): n.: The garden of Eden in which Adam and Eve were placed after their creation.; n.: The abode of sanctified souls after death.; n.: A place of bliss; a region of supreme felicity or delight; hence a state of happiness.; n.: An open space within a monastery or adjoining a church as the space within a cloister the open court before a basilica etc.; n.: A churchyard or cemetery.; v. t.: To affect or exalt with visions of felicity; to entrance; to bewitch.
Found on page(s): [1, 11, 25, 26, 38, 51, 55]

rubicon - rubicon, Definition(s): n.: A small river which separated Italy from Cisalpine Gaul the province alloted to Julius Caesar.
Found on page(s): [21]

deserving - deserving, Definition(s): n.: Desert; merit.; a.: Meritorious; worthy; as a deserving person or act.
Found on page(s): [44]

bidden - bidden, Definition(s): : p. p. of Bid.
Found on page(s): [49]

blank - blank, Definition(s): a.: Of a white or pale color; without color.; a.: Free from writing printing or marks; having an empty space to be filled in with some special writing; -- said of checks official documents etc.; as blank paper; a blank check; a blank ballot.; a.: Utterly confounded or discomfited.; a.: Empty; void; without result; fruitless; as a blank space; a blank day.; a.: Lacking characteristics which give variety; as a blank desert; a blank wall; destitute of interests affections hopes etc.; as to live a blank existence; destitute of sensations; as blank unconsciousness.; a.: Lacking animation and intelligence or their associated characteristics as expression of face look etc.; expressionless; vacant.; a.: Absolute; downright; unmixed; as blank terror.; n.: Any void space; a void space on paper or in any written instrument; an interval void of consciousness action result etc; a void.; n.: A lot by which nothing is gained; a ticket in a lottery on which no prize is indicated.; n.: A paper unwritten; a paper without marks or characters a blank ballot; -- especially a paper on which are to be inserted designated items of information for which spaces are left vacant; a bland form.; n.: A paper containing the substance of a legal instrument as a deed release writ or execution with spaces left to be filled with names date descriptions etc.; n.: The point aimed at in a target marked with a white spot; hence the object to which anything is directed.; n.: Aim; shot; range.; n.: A kind of base silver money first coined in England by Henry V. and worth about 8 pence; also a French coin of the seventeenth century worth about 4 pence.; n.: A piece of metal prepared to be made into something by a further operation as a coin screw nuts.; n.: A piece or division of a piece without spots; as the double blank; the six blank.; v. t.: To make void; to annul.; v. t.: To blanch; to make blank; to damp the spirits of; to dispirit or confuse.
Found on page(s): [24]

beginning - beginning, Definition(s): n.: The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action state or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act effort or state of a succession of acts or states.; n.: That which begins or originates something; the first cause; origin; source.; n.: That which is begun; a rudiment or element.; n.: Enterprise.
Found on page(s): [21]

waiting - waiting, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Wait v.
Found on page(s): [38]

rather - rather, Definition(s): a.: Prior; earlier; former.; a.: Earlier; sooner; before.; a.: More readily or willingly; preferably.; a.: On the other hand; to the contrary of what was said or suggested; instead.; a.: Of two alternatives conceived of this by preference to or as more likely than the other; somewhat.; a.: More properly; more correctly speaking.; a.: In some degree; somewhat; as the day is rather warm; the house is rather damp.
Found on page(s): [11]

worthy - worthy, Definition(s): n.: Having worth or excellence; possessing merit; valuable; deserving; estimable; excellent; virtuous.; n.: Having suitable adapted or equivalent qualities or value; -- usually with of before the thing compared or the object; more rarely with a following infinitive instead of of or with that; as worthy of equal in excellence value or dignity to; entitled to; meriting; -- usually in a good sense but sometimes in a bad one.; n.: Of high station; of high social position.; n.: A man of eminent worth or value; one distinguished for useful and estimable qualities; a person of conspicuous desert; -- much used in the plural; as the worthies of the church; political worthies; military worthies.; v. t.: To render worthy; to exalt into a hero.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 33, 46]

swaying - swaying, Definition(s): n.: An injury caused by violent strains or by overloading; -- said of the backs of horses.
Found on page(s): [20]

endless - endless, Definition(s): a.: Without end; having no end or conclusion; perpetual; interminable; -- applied to length and to duration; as an endless line; endless time; endless bliss; endless praise; endless clamor.; a.: Infinite; excessive; unlimited.; a.: Without profitable end; fruitless; unsatisfying.; a.: Void of design; objectless; as an endless pursuit.
Found on page(s): [39, 54]

erelong - erelong, Definition(s): adv.: Before the /apse of a long time; soon; -- usually separated ere long.
Found on page(s): [35, 46]

mist - mist, Definition(s): n.: Visible watery vapor suspended in the atmosphere at or near the surface of the earth; fog.; n.: Coarse watery vapor floating or falling in visible particles approaching the form of rain; as Scotch mist.; n.: Hence anything which dims or darkens and obscures or intercepts vision.; v. t.: To cloud; to cover with mist; to dim.; v. i.: To rain in very fine drops; as it mists.
Found on page(s): [43]

miss - miss, Definition(s): n.: A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a girl or a woman who has not been married. See Mistress 5.; n.: A young unmarried woman or a girl; as she is a miss of sixteen.; n.: A kept mistress. See Mistress 4.; n.: In the game of three-card loo an extra hand dealt on the table which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player.; v. t.: To fail of hitting reaching getting finding seeing hearing etc.; as to miss the mark one shoots at; to miss the train by being late; to miss opportunites of getting knowledge; to miss the point or meaning of something said.; v. t.: To omit; to fail to have or to do; to get without; to dispense with; -- now seldom applied to persons.; v. t.: To discover the absence or omission of; to feel the want of; to mourn the loss of; to want.; v. i.: To fail to hit; to fly wide; to deviate from the true direction.; v. i.: To fail to obtain learn or find; -- with of.; v. i.: To go wrong; to err.; v. i.: To be absent deficient or wanting.; n.: The act of missing; failure to hit reach find obtain etc.; n.: Loss; want; felt absence.; n.: Mistake; error; fault.; n.: Harm from mistake.
Found on page(s): [14, 19, 43]

tidings - tidings, Definition(s): n.: Account of what has taken place and was not before known; news.
Found on page(s): [38]

hemisphere - hemisphere, Definition(s): n.: A half sphere; one half of a sphere or globe when divided by a plane passing through its center.; n.: Half of the terrestrial globe or a projection of the same in a map or picture.; n.: The people who inhabit a hemisphere.
Found on page(s): [2]

frenzied - frenzied, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Affected with frenzy; frantic; maddened.
Found on page(s): [3]

lunar - lunar, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the moon; as lunar observations.; a.: Resembling the moon; orbed.; a.: Measured by the revolutions of the moon; as a lunar month.; a.: Influenced by the moon as in growth character or properties; as lunar herbs.; n.: A lunar distance.; n.: The middle bone of the proximal series of the carpus; -- called also semilunar and intermedium.
Found on page(s): [4]

outward - outward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Forming the superficial part; external; exterior; -- opposed to inward; as an outward garment or layer.; a.: Of or pertaining to the outer surface or to what is external; manifest; public.; a.: Foreign; not civil or intestine; as an outward war.; a.: Tending to the exterior or outside.; n.: External form; exterior.
Found on page(s): [32]

prince - prince, Definition(s): a.: The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex but now rarely applied to a female.; a.: The son of a king or emperor or the issue of a royal family; as princes of the blood.; a.: A title belonging to persons of high rank differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes marquises and earls but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.; a.: The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as a merchant prince; a prince of players.; v. i.: To play the prince.
Found on page(s): [21]

sole - sole, Definition(s): n.: Any one of several species of flatfishes of the genus Solea and allied genera of the family Soleidae especially the common European species (Solea vulgaris) which is a valuable food fish.; n.: Any one of several American flounders somewhat resembling the true sole in form or quality as the California sole (Lepidopsetta bilineata) the long-finned sole (Glyptocephalus zachirus) and other species.; n.: The bottom of the foot; hence also rarely the foot itself.; n.: The bottom of a shoe or boot or the piece of leather which constitutes the bottom.; n.: The bottom or lower part of anything or that on which anything rests in standing.; n.: The bottom of the body of a plow; -- called also slade; also the bottom of a furrow.; n.: The horny substance under a horse's foot which protects the more tender parts.; n.: The bottom of an embrasure.; n.: A piece of timber attached to the lower part of the rudder to make it even with the false keel.; n.: The seat or bottom of a mine; -- applied to horizontal veins or lodes.; v. t.: To furnish with a sole; as to sole a shoe.; a.: Being or acting without another; single; individual; only.; a.: Single; unmarried; as a feme sole.
Found on page(s): [17, 29, 35, 52]

owner - owner, Definition(s): n.: One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title whether he is the possessor or not.
Found on page(s): [45]

holy - holy, Definition(s): superl.: Set apart to the service or worship of God; hallowed; sacred; reserved from profane or common use; holy vessels; a holy priesthood.; superl.: Spiritually whole or sound; of unimpaired innocence and virtue; free from sinful affections; pure in heart; godly; pious; irreproachable; guiltless; acceptable to God.
Found on page(s): [10, 14, 17, 22, 35, 38, 41, 43, 45, 54, 55]

custom - custom, Definition(s): n.: Frequent repetition of the same act; way of acting common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; usage; method of doing or living.; n.: Habitual buying of goods; practice of frequenting as a shop manufactory etc. for making purchases or giving orders; business support.; n.: Long-established practice considered as unwritten law and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage and Prescription.; n.: Familiar aquaintance; familiarity.; v. t.: To make familiar; to accustom.; v. t.: To supply with customers.; v. i.: To have a custom.; n.: The customary toll tax or tribute.; n.: Duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities imported or exported.; v. t.: To pay the customs of.
Found on page(s): [33]

ecstasy - ecstasy, Definition(s): n.: The state of being beside one's self or rapt out of one's self; a state in which the mind is elevated above the reach of ordinary impressions as when under the influence of overpowering emotion; an extraordinary elevation of the spirit as when the soul unconscious of sensible objects is supposed to contemplate heavenly mysteries.; n.: Excessive and overmastering joy or enthusiasm; rapture; enthusiastic delight.; n.: Violent distraction of mind; violent emotion; excessive grief of anxiety; insanity; madness.; n.: A state which consists in total suspension of sensibility of voluntary motion and largely of mental power. The body is erect and inflexible; the pulsation and breathing are not affected.; v. t.: To fill ecstasy or with rapture or enthusiasm.
Found on page(s): [53]

blessed - blessed, Definition(s): a.: Hallowed; consecrated; worthy of blessing or adoration; heavenly; holy.; a.: Enjoying happiness or bliss; favored with blessings; happy; highly favored.; a.: Imparting happiness or bliss; fraught with happiness; blissful; joyful.; a.: Enjoying or pertaining to spiritual happiness or heavenly felicity; as the blessed in heaven.; a.: Beatified.; a.: Used euphemistically ironically or intensively.
Found on page(s): [8, 10, 15, 20, 30, 38, 43]

priest - priest, Definition(s): n.: One who is authorized to consecrate the host and to say Mass; but especially one of the lowest order possessing this power.; n.: A presbyter; one who belongs to the intermediate order between bishop and deacon. He is authorized to perform all ministerial services except those of ordination and confirmation.; n.: One who officiates at the altar or performs the rites of sacrifice; one who acts as a mediator between men and the divinity or the gods in any form of religion; as Buddhist priests.; v. t.: To ordain as priest.
Found on page(s): [33, 50]

reflex - reflex, Definition(s): a.: Directed back; attended by reflection; retroactive; introspective.; a.: Produced in reaction in resistance or in return.; a.: Of pertaining to or produced by stimulus or excitation without the necessary intervention of consciousness.; n.: Reflection; the light reflected from an illuminated surface to one in shade.; n.: An involuntary movement produced by reflex action.; v. t.: To reflect.; v. t.: To bend back; to turn back.
Found on page(s): [43]

eternally - eternally, Definition(s): adv.: In an eternal manner.
Found on page(s): [51]

strictly - strictly, Definition(s): adv.: In a strict manner; closely; precisely.
Found on page(s): [17]

pious - pious, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to piety; exhibiting piety; reverential; dutiful; religious; devout; godly.; a.: Practiced under the pretext of religion; prompted by mistaken piety; as pious errors; pious frauds.
Found on page(s): [51, 55]

apprehend - apprehend, Definition(s): v. t.: To take or seize; to take hold of.; v. t.: Hence: To take or seize (a person) by legal process; to arrest; as to apprehend a criminal.; v. t.: To take hold of with the understanding that is to conceive in the mind; to become cognizant of; to understand; to recognize; to consider.; v. t.: To know or learn with certainty.; v. t.: To anticipate; esp. to anticipate with anxiety dread or fear; to fear.; v. i.: To think believe or be of opinion; to understand; to suppose.; v. i.: To be apprehensive; to fear.
Found on page(s): [13]

although - although, Definition(s): conj.: Grant all this; be it that; supposing that; notwithstanding; though.
Found on page(s): [3]

universe - universe, Definition(s): n.: All created things viewed as constituting one system or whole; the whole body of things or of phenomena; the / / of the Greeks the mundus of the Latins; the world; creation.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 26]

arduous - arduous, Definition(s): a.: Steep and lofty in a literal sense; hard to climb.; a.: Attended with great labor like the ascending of acclivities; difficult; laborious; as an arduous employment task or enterprise.
Found on page(s): [39]

interpret - interpret, Definition(s): v. t.: To explain or tell the meaning of; to expound; to translate orally into intelligible or familiar language or terms; to decipher; to define; -- applied esp. to language but also to dreams signs conduct mysteries etc.; as to interpret the Hebrew language to an Englishman; to interpret an Indian speech.; v. t.: To apprehend and represent by means of art; to show by illustrative representation; as an actor interprets the character of Hamlet; a musician interprets a sonata; an artist interprets a landscape.; v. i.: To act as an interpreter.
Found on page(s): [45]

iron - iron, Definition(s): n.: The most common and most useful metallic element being of almost universal occurrence usually in the form of an oxide (as hematite magnetite etc.) or a hydrous oxide (as limonite turgite etc.). It is reduced on an enormous scale in three principal forms; viz. cast iron steel and wrought iron. Iron usually appears dark brown from oxidation or impurity but when pure or on a fresh surface is a gray or white metal. It is easily oxidized (rusted) by moisture and is attacked by many corrosive agents. Symbol Fe (Latin Ferrum). Atomic weight 55.9. Specific gravity pure iron 7.86; cast iron 7.1. In magnetic properties it is superior to all other substances.; n.: An instrument or utensil made of iron; -- chiefly in composition; as a flatiron a smoothing iron etc.; n.: Fetters; chains; handcuffs; manacles.; n.: Strength; power; firmness; inflexibility; as to rule with a rod of iron.; n.: Of or made of iron; consisting of iron; as an iron bar dust.; n.: Resembling iron in color; as iron blackness.; n.: Like iron in hardness strength impenetrability power of endurance insensibility etc.; n.: Rude; hard; harsh; severe.; n.: Firm; robust; enduring; as an iron constitution.; n.: Inflexible; unrelenting; as an iron will.; n.: Not to be broken; holding or binding fast; tenacious.; v. t.: To smooth with an instrument of iron; especially to smooth as cloth with a heated flatiron; -- sometimes used with out.; v. t.: To shackle with irons; to fetter or handcuff.; v. t.: To furnish or arm with iron; as to iron a wagon.
Found on page(s): [2]

hue - hue, Definition(s): n.: Color or shade of color; tint; dye.; n.: A predominant shade in a composition of primary colors; a primary color modified by combination with others.; n.: A shouting or vociferation.
Found on page(s): [7, 37, 55]

withstood - withstood, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: o/ Withstand.
Found on page(s): [21]

sparkle - sparkle, Definition(s): n.: A little spark; a scintillation.; n.: Brilliancy; luster; as the sparkle of a diamond.; n.: To emit sparks; to throw off ignited or incandescent particles; to shine as if throwing off sparks; to emit flashes of light; to scintillate; to twinkle; as the blazing wood sparkles; the stars sparkle.; n.: To manifest itself by or as if by emitting sparks; to glisten; to flash.; n.: To emit little bubbles as certain kinds of liquors; to effervesce; as sparkling wine.; v. t.: To emit in the form or likeness of sparks.; v. t.: To disperse.; v. t.: To scatter on or over.
Found on page(s): [28]

envy - envy, Definition(s): n.: Malice; ill will; spite.; n.: Chagrin mortification discontent or uneasiness at the sight of another's excellence or good fortune accompanied with some degree of hatred and a desire to possess equal advantages; malicious grudging; -- usually followed by of; as they did this in envy of Caesar.; n.: Emulation; rivalry.; n.: Public odium; ill repute.; n.: An object of envious notice or feeling.; v. t.: To feel envy at or towards; to be envious of; to have a feeling of uneasiness or mortification in regard to (any one) arising from the sight of another's excellence or good fortune and a longing to possess it.; v. t.: To feel envy on account of; to have a feeling of grief or repining with a longing to possess (some excellence or good fortune of another or an equal good fortune etc.); to look with grudging upon; to begrudge.; v. t.: To long after; to desire strongly; to covet.; v. t.: To do harm to; to injure; to disparage.; v. t.: To hate.; v. t.: To emulate.; v. i.: To be filled with envious feelings; to regard anything with grudging and longing eyes; -- used especially with at.; v. i.: To show malice or ill will; to rail.
Found on page(s): [39]

therein - therein, Definition(s): adv.: In that or this place time or thing; in that particular or respect.
Found on page(s): [16]

ofttimes - ofttimes, Definition(s): adv.: Frequently; often.
Found on page(s): [4]

soon - soon, Definition(s): adv.: In a short time; shortly after any time specified or supposed; as soon after sunrise.; adv.: Without the usual delay; before any time supposed; early.; adv.: Promptly; quickly; easily.; adv.: Readily; willingly; -- in this sense used with would or some other word expressing will.; a.: Speedy; quick.
Found on page(s): [7, 9, 16, 19, 20, 24, 27, 30, 43, 45, 54]

thick - thick, Definition(s): superl.: Measuring in the third dimension other than length and breadth or in general dimension other than length; -- said of a solid body; as a timber seven inches thick.; superl.: Having more depth or extent from one surface to its opposite than usual; not thin or slender; as a thick plank; thick cloth; thick paper; thick neck.; superl.: Dense; not thin; inspissated; as thick vapors. Also used figuratively; as thick darkness.; superl.: Not transparent or clear; hence turbid muddy or misty; as the water of a river is apt to be thick after a rain.; superl.: Abundant close or crowded in space; closely set; following in quick succession; frequently recurring.; superl.: Not having due distinction of syllables or good articulation; indistinct; as a thick utterance.; superl.: Deep; profound; as thick sleep.; superl.: Dull; not quick; as thick of fearing.; superl.: Intimate; very friendly; familiar.; n.: The thickest part or the time when anything is thickest.; n.: A thicket; as gloomy thicks.; adv.: Frequently; fast; quick.; adv.: Closely; as a plat of ground thick sown.; adv.: To a great depth or to a greater depth than usual; as land covered thick with manure.; v. t. & i.: To thicken.
Found on page(s): [20]

melt - melt, Definition(s): n.: See 2d Milt.; v.: To reduce from a solid to a liquid state as by heat; to liquefy; as to melt wax tallow or lead; to melt ice or snow.; v.: Hence: To soften as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes in a bad sense to take away the firmness of; to weaken.; v. i.: To be changed from a solid to a liquid state under the influence of heat; as butter and wax melt at moderate temperatures.; v. i.: To dissolve; as sugar melts in the mouth.; v. i.: Hence: To be softened; to become tender mild or gentle; also to be weakened or subdued as by fear.; v. i.: To lose distinct form or outline; to blend.; v. i.: To disappear by being dispersed or dissipated; as the fog melts away.
Found on page(s): [43]

balance - balance, Definition(s): n.: An apparatus for weighing.; n.: Act of weighing mentally; comparison; estimate.; n.: Equipoise between the weights in opposite scales.; n.: The state of being in equipoise; equilibrium; even adjustment; steadiness.; n.: An equality between the sums total of the two sides of an account; as to bring one's accounts to a balance; -- also the excess on either side; as the balance of an account.; n.: A balance wheel as of a watch or clock. See Balance wheel (in the Vocabulary).; n.: The constellation Libra.; n.: The seventh sign in the Zodiac called Libra which the sun enters at the equinox in September.; n.: A movement in dancing. See Balance v. i. S.; n.: To bring to an equipoise as the scales of a balance by adjusting the weights; to weigh in a balance.; n.: To support on a narrow base so as to keep from falling; as to balance a plate on the end of a cane; to balance one's self on a tight rope.; n.: To equal in number weight force or proportion; to counterpoise counterbalance counteract or neutralize.; n.: To compare in relative force importance value etc.; to estimate.; n.: To settle and adjust as an account; to make two accounts equal by paying the difference between them.; n.: To make the sums of the debits and credits of an account equal; -- said of an item; as this payment or credit balances the account.; n.: To arrange accounts in such a way that the sum total of the debits is equal to the sum total of the credits; as to balance a set of books.; n.: To move toward and then back from reciprocally; as to balance partners.; n.: To contract as a sail into a narrower compass; as to balance the boom mainsail.; v. i.: To have equal weight on each side; to be in equipoise; as the scales balance.; v. i.: To fluctuate between motives which appear of equal force; to waver; to hesitate.; v. i.: To move toward a person or couple and then back.
Found on page(s): [18]

fathom - fathom, Definition(s): n.: A measure of length containing six feet; the space to which a man can extend his arms; -- used chiefly in measuring cables cordage and the depth of navigable water by soundings.; n.: The measure or extant of one's capacity; depth as of intellect; profundity; reach; penetration.; v. t.: To encompass with the arms extended or encircling; to measure by throwing the arms about; to span.; v. t.: The measure by a sounding line; especially to sound the depth of; to penetrate measure and comprehend; to get to the bottom of.
Found on page(s): [25, 51]

fuming - fuming, Definition(s): a.: Producing fumes or vapors.
Found on page(s): [53]

bend - bend, Definition(s): v. t.: To strain or move out of a straight line; to crook by straining; to make crooked; to curve; to make ready for use by drawing into a curve; as to bend a bow; to bend the knee.; v. t.: To turn toward some certain point; to direct; to incline.; v. t.: To apply closely or with interest; to direct.; v. t.: To cause to yield; to render submissive; to subdue.; v. t.: To fasten as one rope to another or as a sail to its yard or stay; or as a cable to the ring of an anchor.; v. i.: To be moved or strained out of a straight line; to crook or be curving; to bow.; v. i.: To jut over; to overhang.; v. i.: To be inclined; to be directed.; v. i.: To bow in prayer or in token of submission.; n.: A turn or deflection from a straight line or from the proper direction or normal position; a curve; a crook; as a slight bend of the body; a bend in a road.; n.: Turn; purpose; inclination; ends.; n.: A knot by which one rope is fastened to another or to an anchor spar or post.; n.: The best quality of sole leather; a butt. See Butt.; n.: Hard indurated clay; bind.; n.: same as caisson disease. Usually referred to as the bends.; n.: A band.; n.: One of the honorable ordinaries containing a third or a fifth part of the field. It crosses the field diagonally from the dexter chief to the sinister base.
Found on page(s): [4, 32]

blessedness - blessedness, Definition(s): n.: The state of being blessed; happiness; felicity; bliss; heavenly joys; the favor of God.
Found on page(s): [11, 51]

whereat - whereat, Definition(s): adv.: At which; upon which; whereupon; -- used relatively.
Found on page(s): [36]

goodly - goodly, Definition(s): adv.: Excellently.; superl.: Pleasant; agreeable; desirable.; superl.: Of pleasing appearance or character; comely; graceful; as a goodly person; goodly raiment houses.; superl.: Large; considerable; portly; as a goodly number.
Found on page(s): [23, 42, 46]

signet - signet, Definition(s): n.: A seal; especially in England the seal used by the sovereign in sealing private letters and grants that pass by bill under the sign manual; -- called also privy signet.
Found on page(s): [42]

kindness - kindness, Definition(s): a.: The state or quality of being kind in any of its various senses; manifestation of kind feeling or disposition beneficence.; a.: A kind act; an act of good will; as to do a great kindness.
Found on page(s): [10, 33, 54]

fear - fear, Definition(s): n.: A variant of Fere a mate a companion.; n.: A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread.; n.: Apprehension of incurring or solicitude to avoid God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng.; n.: Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth.; n.: That which causes or which is the object of apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness.; n.: To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude.; n.: To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of.; n.: To be anxious or solicitous for.; n.: To suspect; to doubt.; n.: To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear.; v. i.: To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil.
Found on page(s): [15, 31, 43]

song - song, Definition(s): n.: That which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice whether of a human being or of a bird insect etc.; n.: A lyrical poem adapted to vocal music; a ballad.; n.: More generally any poetical strain; a poem.; n.: Poetical composition; poetry; verse.; n.: An object of derision; a laughingstock.; n.: A trifle.
Found on page(s): [1, 12, 20, 34, 37, 43, 47]

bounty - bounty, Definition(s): n.: Goodness kindness; virtue; worth.; n.: Liberality in bestowing gifts or favors; gracious or liberal giving; generosity; munificence.; n.: That which is given generously or liberally.; n.: A premium offered or given to induce men to enlist into the public service; or to encourage any branch of industry as husbandry or manufactures.
Found on page(s): [17, 25, 27, 30, 45, 48]

torrent - torrent, Definition(s): n.: A violent stream as of water lava or the like; a stream suddenly raised and running rapidly as down a precipice.; n.: Fig.: A violent or rapid flow; a strong current; a flood; as a torrent of vices; a torrent of eloquence.; n.: Rolling or rushing in a rapid stream.
Found on page(s): [4, 21, 45]

sense - sense, Definition(s): v. t.: A faculty possessed by animals of perceiving external objects by means of impressions made upon certain organs (sensory or sense organs) of the body or of perceiving changes in the condition of the body; as the senses of sight smell hearing taste and touch. See Muscular sense under Muscular and Temperature sense under Temperature.; v. t.: Perception by the sensory organs of the body; sensation; sensibility; feeling.; v. t.: Perception through the intellect; apprehension; recognition; understanding; discernment; appreciation.; v. t.: Sound perception and reasoning; correct judgment; good mental capacity; understanding; also that which is sound true or reasonable; rational meaning.; v. t.: That which is felt or is held as a sentiment view or opinion; judgment; notion; opinion.; v. t.: Meaning; import; signification; as the true sense of words or phrases; the sense of a remark.; v. t.: Moral perception or appreciation.; v. t.: One of two opposite directions in which a line surface or volume may be supposed to be described by the motion of a point line or surface.; v. t.: To perceive by the senses; to recognize.
Found on page(s): [6]

distinctly - distinctly, Definition(s): adv.: With distinctness; not confusedly; without the blending of one part or thing another; clearly; plainly; as to see distinctly.; adv.: With meaning; significantly.
Found on page(s): [56]

vacant - vacant, Definition(s): a.: Deprived of contents; not filled; empty; as a vacant room.; a.: Unengaged with business or care; unemployed; unoccupied; disengaged; free; as vacant hours.; a.: Not filled or occupied by an incumbent possessor or officer; as a vacant throne; a vacant parish.; a.: Empty of thought; thoughtless; not occupied with study or reflection; as a vacant mind.; a.: Abandoned; having no heir possessor claimant or occupier; as a vacant estate.
Found on page(s): [45]

heavy - heavy, Definition(s): a.: Having the heaves.; superl.: Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as a heavy stone; hence sometimes large in extent quantity or effects; as a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business transactions etc.; often implying strength; as a heavy barrier; also difficult to move; as a heavy draught.; superl.: Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or accomplish; hence grievous afflictive; as heavy yokes expenses undertakings trials news etc.; superl.: Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down either with an actual burden or with care grief pain disappointment.; superl.: Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless dull inanimate stupid; as a heavy gait looks manners style and the like; a heavy writer or book.; superl.: Strong; violent; forcible; as a heavy sea storm cannonade and the like.; superl.: Loud; deep; -- said of sound; as heavy thunder.; superl.: Dark with clouds or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky.; superl.: Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth; as a heavy road soil and the like.; superl.: Not raised or made light; as heavy bread.; superl.: Not agreeable to or suitable for the stomach; not easily digested; -- said of food.; superl.: Having much body or strength; -- said of wines or other liquors.; superl.: With child; pregnant.; adv.: Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition; as heavy-laden.; v. t.: To make heavy.
Found on page(s): [12, 41]

impression - impression, Definition(s): n.: The act of impressing or the state of being impressed; the communication of a stamp mold style or character by external force or by influence.; n.: That which is impressed; stamp; mark; indentation; sensible result of an influence exerted from without.; n.: That which impresses or exercises an effect action or agency; appearance; phenomenon.; n.: Influence or effect on the senses or the intellect hence interest concern.; n.: An indistinct notion remembrance or belief.; n.: Impressiveness; emphasis of delivery.; n.: The pressure of the type on the paper or the result of such pressure as regards its appearance; as a heavy impression; a clear or a poor impression; also a single copy as the result of printing or the whole edition printed at a given time.; n.: In painting the first coat of color as the priming in house painting and the like.; n.: A print on paper from a wood block metal plate or the like.
Found on page(s): [2, 34]

whereby - whereby, Definition(s): adv.: By which; -- used relatively.; adv.: By what; how; -- used interrogatively.
Found on page(s): [41]

dog - dog, Definition(s): n.: A quadruped of the genus Canis esp. the domestic dog (C. familiaris).; n.: A mean worthless fellow; a wretch.; n.: A fellow; -- used humorously or contemptuously; as a sly dog; a lazy dog.; n.: One of the two constellations Canis Major and Canis Minor or the Greater Dog and the Lesser Dog. Canis Major contains the Dog Star (Sirius).; n.: An iron for holding wood in a fireplace; a firedog; an andiron.; n.: A grappling iron with a claw or claws for fastening into wood or other heavy articles for the purpose of raising or moving them.; n.: An iron with fangs fastening a log in a saw pit or on the carriage of a sawmill.; n.: A piece in machinery acting as a catch or clutch; especially the carrier of a lathe also an adjustable stop to change motion as in a machine tool.; v. t.: To hunt or track like a hound; to follow insidiously or indefatigably; to chase with a dog or dogs; to worry as if by dogs; to hound with importunity.
Found on page(s): [12]

deity - deity, Definition(s): n.: The collection of attributes which make up the nature of a god; divinity; godhead; as the deity of the Supreme Being is seen in his works.; n.: A god or goddess; a heathen god.
Found on page(s): [28, 47, 55]

renown - renown, Definition(s): v.: The state of being much known and talked of; exalted reputation derived from the extensive praise of great achievements or accomplishments; fame; celebrity; -- always in a good sense.; v.: Report of nobleness or exploits; praise.; v. t.: To make famous; to give renown to.
Found on page(s): [23, 33]

nobility - nobility, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being noble; superiority of mind or of character; commanding excellence; eminence.; n.: The state of being of high rank or noble birth; patrician dignity; antiquity of family; distinction by rank station or title whether inherited or conferred.; n.: Those who are noble; the collictive body of nobles or titled persons in a stste; the aristocratic and patrician class; the peerage; as the English nobility.
Found on page(s): [26]

shield - shield, Definition(s): n.: A broad piece of defensive armor carried on the arm -- formerly in general use in war for the protection of the body. See Buckler.; n.: Anything which protects or defends; defense; shelter; protection.; n.: Figuratively one who protects or defends.; n.: In lichens a Hardened cup or disk surrounded by a rim and containing the fructification or asci.; n.: The escutcheon or field on which are placed the bearings in coats of arms. Cf. Lozenge. See Illust. of Escutcheon.; n.: A framework used to protect workmen in making an adit under ground and capable of being pushed along as excavation progresses.; n.: A spot resembling or having the form of a shield.; n.: A coin the old French crown or ecu having on one side the figure of a shield.; n.: To cover with or as with a shield; to cover from danger; to defend; to protect from assault or injury.; n.: To ward off; to keep off or out.
Found on page(s): [23, 44]

inference - inference, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of inferring by deduction or induction.; n.: That which inferred; a truth or proposition drawn from another which is admitted or supposed to be true; a conclusion; a deduction.
Found on page(s): [27]

painted - painted, Definition(s): a.: Covered or adorned with paint; portrayed in colors.; a.: Marked with bright colors; as the painted turtle; painted bunting.
Found on page(s): [13]

unpleasant - unpleasant, Definition(s): a.: Not pleasant; not amiable or agreeable; displeasing; offensive.
Found on page(s): [55]

stamp - stamp, Definition(s): v. i.: To strike beat or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot or by thrusting the foot downward.; v. i.: To bring down (the foot) forcibly on the ground or floor; as he stamped his foot with rage.; v. i.: To crush; to pulverize; specifically (Metal.) to crush by the blow of a heavy stamp as ore in a mill.; v. i.: To impress with some mark or figure; as to stamp a plate with arms or initials.; v. i.: Fig.: To impress; to imprint; to fix deeply; as to stamp virtuous principles on the heart.; v. i.: To cut out bend or indent as paper sheet metal etc. into various forms by a blow or suddenly applied pressure with a stamp or die etc.; to mint; to coin.; v. i.: To put a stamp on as for postage; as to stamp a letter; to stamp a legal document.; v. i.: To strike; to beat; to crush.; v. i.: To strike the foot forcibly downward.; n.: The act of stamping as with the foot.; n.: The which stamps; any instrument for making impressions on other bodies as a die.; n.: The mark made by stamping; a mark imprinted; an impression.; n.: that which is marked; a thing stamped.; v. t.: A picture cut in wood or metal or made by impression; a cut; a plate.; v. t.: An offical mark set upon things chargeable with a duty or tax to government as evidence that the duty or tax is paid; as the stamp on a bill of exchange.; v. t.: Hence a stamped or printed device issued by the government at a fixed price and required by law to be affixed to or stamped on certain papers as evidence that the government dues are paid; as a postage stamp; a receipt stamp etc.; v. t.: An instrument for cutting out or shaping materials as paper leather etc. by a downward pressure.; v. t.: A character or reputation good or bad fixed on anything as if by an imprinted mark; current value; authority; as these persons have the stamp of dishonesty; the Scriptures bear the stamp of a divine origin.; v. t.: Make; cast; form; character; as a man of the same stamp or of a different stamp.; v. t.: A kind of heavy hammer or pestle raised by water or steam power for beating ores to powder; anything like a pestle used for pounding or bathing.; v. t.: A half-penny.; v. t.: Money esp. paper money.
Found on page(s): [48]

cleanse - cleanse, Definition(s): v. t.: To render clean; to free from fith pollution infection guilt etc.; to clean.
Found on page(s): [18]

shrouded - shrouded, Definition(s): a.: Provided with a shroud or shrouds.
Found on page(s): [20]

moses - moses, Definition(s): n.: A large flatboat used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.
Found on page(s): [13]

diver - diver, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which dives.; n.: Fig.: One who goes deeply into a subject study or business.; n.: Any bird of certain genera as Urinator (formerly Colymbus) or the allied genus Colymbus or Podiceps remarkable for their agility in diving.
Found on page(s): [2]

streaming - streaming, Definition(s): a.: Sending forth streams.; n.: The act or operation of that which streams; the act of that which sends forth or which runs in streams.; n.: The reduction of stream tin; also the search for stream tin.
Found on page(s): [19]

stream - stream, Definition(s): n.: A current of water or other fluid; a liquid flowing continuously in a line or course either on the earth as a river brook etc. or from a vessel reservoir or fountain; specifically any course of running water; as many streams are blended in the Mississippi; gas and steam came from the earth in streams; a stream of molten lead from a furnace; a stream of lava from a volcano.; n.: A beam or ray of light.; n.: Anything issuing or moving with continued succession of parts; as a stream of words; a stream of sand.; n.: A continued current or course; as a stream of weather.; n.: Current; drift; tendency; series of tending or moving causes; as the stream of opinions or manners.; v. i.: To issue or flow in a stream; to flow freely or in a current as a fluid or whatever is likened to fluids; as tears streamed from her eyes.; v. i.: To pour out or emit a stream or streams.; v. i.: To issue in a stream of light; to radiate.; v. i.: To extend; to stretch out with a wavy motion; to float in the wind; as a flag streams in the wind.; v. t.: To send forth in a current or stream; to cause to flow; to pour; as his eyes streamed tears.; v. t.: To mark with colors or embroidery in long tracts.; v. t.: To unfurl.
Found on page(s): [16, 28, 34]

grudge - grudge, Definition(s): v. t.: To look upon with desire to possess or to appropriate; to envy (one) the possession of; to begrudge; to covet; to give with reluctance; to desire to get back again; -- followed by the direct object only or by both the direct and indirect objects.; v. t.: To hold or harbor with malicioua disposition or purpose; to cherish enviously.; v. i.: To be covetous or envious; to show discontent; to murmur; to complain; to repine; to be unwilling or reluctant.; v. i.: To feel compunction or grief.; n.: Sullen malice or malevolence; cherished malice enmity or dislike; ill will; an old cause of hatred or quarrel.; n.: Slight symptom of disease.
Found on page(s): [33]

nurse - nurse, Definition(s): n.: One who nourishes; a person who supplies food tends or brings up; as: (a) A woman who has the care of young children; especially one who suckles an infant not her own. (b) A person especially a woman who has the care of the sick or infirm.; n.: One who or that which brings up rears causes to grow trains fosters or the like.; n.: A lieutenant or first officer who is the real commander when the captain is unfit for his place.; n.: A peculiar larva of certain trematodes which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction. See Cercaria and Redia.; n.: Either one of the nurse sharks.; v. t.: To nourish at the breast; to suckle; to feed and tend as an infant.; v. t.: To take care of or tend as a sick person or an invalid; to attend upon.; v. t.: To bring up; to raise by care from a weak or invalid condition; to foster; to cherish; -- applied to plants animals and to any object that needs or thrives by attention.; v. t.: To manage with care and economy with a view to increase; as to nurse our national resources.; v. t.: To caress; to fondle as a nurse does.
Found on page(s): [45]

stifled - stifled, Definition(s): a.: Stifling.
Found on page(s): [13]

stand - stand, Definition(s): n.: To be supported on the feet in an erect or nearly erect position; -- opposed to lie sit kneel etc.; n.: To continue upright in a certain locality as a tree fixed by the roots or a building resting on its foundation.; n.: To occupy or hold a place; to have a situation; to be situated or located; as Paris stands on the Seine.; n.: To cease from progress; not to proceed; to stop; to pause; to halt; to remain stationary.; n.: To remain without ruin or injury; to hold good against tendencies to impair or injure; to be permanent; to endure; to last; hence to find endurance strength or resources.; n.: To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.; n.: To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed steady or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.; n.: To adhere to fixed principles; to maintain moral rectitude; to keep from falling into error or vice.; n.: To have or maintain a position order or rank; to be in a particular relation; as Christian charity or love stands first in the rank of gifts.; n.: To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.; n.: To be consistent; to agree; to accord.; n.: To hold a course at sea; as to stand from the shore; to stand for the harbor.; n.: To offer one's self or to be offered as a candidate.; n.: To stagnate; not to flow; to be motionless.; n.: To measure when erect on the feet.; n.: To be or remain as it is; to continue in force; to have efficacy or validity; to abide.; n.: To appear in court.; v. t.: To endure; to sustain; to bear; as I can not stand the cold or the heat.; v. t.: To resist without yielding or receding; to withstand.; v. t.: To abide by; to submit to; to suffer.; v. t.: To set upright; to cause to stand; as to stand a book on the shelf; to stand a man on his feet.; v. t.: To be at the expense of; to pay for; as to stand a treat.; v. i.: The act of standing.; v. i.: A halt or stop for the purpose of defense resistance or opposition; as to come to or to make a stand.; v. i.: A place or post where one stands; a place where one may stand while observing or waiting for something.; v. i.: A station in a city or town where carriages or wagons stand for hire; as a cab stand.; v. i.: A raised platform or station where a race or other outdoor spectacle may be viewed; as the judge's or the grand stand at a race course.; v. i.: A small table; also something on or in which anything may be laid hung or placed upright; as a hat stand; an umbrella stand; a music stand.; v. i.: A place where a witness stands to testify in court.; v. i.: The situation of a shop store hotel etc.; as a good bad or convenient stand for business.; v. i.: Rank; post; station; standing.; v. i.: A state of perplexity or embarrassment; as to be at a stand what to do.; v. i.: A young tree usually reserved when other trees are cut; also a tree growing or standing upon its own root in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock either of the same or another kind of tree.; v. i.: A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds -- used in weighing pitch.
Found on page(s): [7, 12, 14]

maw - maw, Definition(s): n.: A gull.; n.: A stomach; the receptacle into which food is taken by swallowing; in birds the craw; -- now used only of the lower animals exept humorously or in contempt.; n.: Appetite; inclination.; n.: An old game at cards.
Found on page(s): [12]

forward - forward, Definition(s): n.: An agreement; a covenant; a promise.; adv.: Alt.; a.: Near or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as the forward gun in a ship or the forward ship in a fleet.; a.: Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense overready; to hasty.; a.: Ardent; eager; earnest; in an ill sense less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident; as the boy is too forward for his years.; a.: Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season; as the grass is forward or forward for the season; we have a forward spring.; v. t.: To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten; as to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement.; v. t.: To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit; as to forward a letter.
Found on page(s): [55]

bent - bent, Definition(s): : of Bend.; : imp. & p. p. of Bend.; a. & p. p.: Changed by pressure so as to be no longer straight; crooked; as a bent pin; a bent lever.; a. & p. p.: Strongly inclined toward something so as to be resolved determined set etc.; -- said of the mind character disposition desires etc. and used with on; as to be bent on going to college; he is bent on mischief.; v.: The state of being curved crooked or inclined from a straight line; flexure; curvity; as the bent of a bow.; v.: A declivity or slope as of a hill.; v.: A leaning or bias; proclivity; tendency of mind; inclination; disposition; purpose; aim.; v.: Particular direction or tendency; flexion; course.; v.: A transverse frame of a framed structure.; v.: Tension; force of acting; energy; impetus.; n.: A reedlike grass; a stalk of stiff coarse grass.; n.: A grass of the genus Agrostis esp. Agrostis vulgaris or redtop. The name is also used of many other grasses esp. in America.; n.: Any neglected field or broken ground; a common; a moor.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 11, 12, 16, 18, 39]

heresy - heresy, Definition(s): n.: An opinion held in opposition to the established or commonly received doctrine and tending to promote a division or party as in politics literature philosophy etc.; -- usually but not necessarily said in reproach.; n.: Religious opinion opposed to the authorized doctrinal standards of any particular church especially when tending to promote schism or separation; lack of orthodox or sound belief; rejection of or erroneous belief in regard to some fundamental religious doctrine or truth; heterodoxy.; n.: An offense against Christianity consisting in a denial of some essential doctrine which denial is publicly avowed and obstinately maintained.
Found on page(s): [45]

pilgrim - pilgrim, Definition(s): n.: A wayfarer; a wanderer; a traveler; a stranger.; n.: One who travels far or in strange lands to visit some holy place or shrine as a devotee; as a pilgrim to Loretto; Canterbury pilgrims. See Palmer.; a.: Of or pertaining to a pilgrim or pilgrims; making pilgrimages.; v. i.: To journey; to wander; to ramble.
Found on page(s): [2]

blest - blest, Definition(s): : of Bless.; a.: Blessed.
Found on page(s): [10, 24, 32, 34, 39, 41, 51]

bless - bless, Definition(s): v. t.: To make happy blithesome or joyous; to confer prosperity or happiness upon; to grant divine favor to.; v. t.: To express a wish or prayer for the happiness of; to invoke a blessing upon; -- applied to persons.; v. t.: To invoke or confer beneficial attributes or qualities upon; to invoke or confer a blessing on -- as on food.; v. t.: To make the sign of the cross upon; to cross (one's self).; v. t.: To guard; to keep; to protect.; v. t.: To praise or glorify; to extol for excellences.; v. t.: To esteem or account happy; to felicitate.; v. t.: To wave; to brandish.
Found on page(s): [41]

prostrate - prostrate, Definition(s): a.: Lying at length or with the body extended on the ground or other surface; stretched out; as to sleep prostrate.; a.: Lying at mercy as a supplicant.; a.: Lying in a humble lowly or suppliant posture.; a.: Trailing on the ground; procumbent.; v. t.: To lay fiat; to throw down; to level; to fell; as to prostrate the body; to prostrate trees or plants.; v. t.: to overthrow; to demolish; to destroy; to deprive of efficiency; to ruin; as to prostrate a village; to prostrate a government; to prostrate law or justice.; v. t.: To throw down or cause to fall in humility or adoration; to cause to bow in humble reverence; used reflexively; as he prostrated himself.; v. t.: To cause to sink totally; to deprive of strength; to reduce; as a person prostrated by fever.
Found on page(s): [45]

shone - shone, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Shine.
Found on page(s): [54]

evening - evening, Definition(s): n.: The latter part and close of the day and the beginning of darkness or night; properly the decline of the day or of the sum.; n.: The latter portion as of life; the declining period as of strength or glory.
Found on page(s): [52]

feet - feet, Definition(s): n. pl.: See Foot.; n.: Fact; performance.
Found on page(s): [9, 14, 20, 41, 49]

seraphic - seraphic, Definition(s): a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [40]

sprung - sprung, Definition(s): : of Spring.; : imp. & p. p. of Spring.; a.: Said of a spar that has been cracked or strained.
Found on page(s): [30, 35]

serve - serve, Definition(s): v. t.: To work for; to labor in behalf of; to exert one's self continuously or statedly for the benefit of; to do service for; to be in the employment of as an inferior domestic serf slave hired assistant official helper etc.; specifically in a religious sense to obey and worship.; v. t.: To be subordinate to; to act a secondary part under; to appear as the inferior of; to minister to.; v. t.: To be suitor to; to profess love to.; v. t.: To wait upon; to supply the wants of; to attend; specifically to wait upon at table; to attend at meals; to supply with food; as to serve customers in a shop.; v. t.: Hence to bring forward arrange deal or distribute as a portion of anything especially of food prepared for eating; -- often with up; formerly with in.; v. t.: To perform the duties belonging to or required in or for; hence to be of use to; as a curate may serve two churches; to serve one's country.; v. t.: To contribute or conduce to; to promote; to be sufficient for; to satisfy; as to serve one's turn.; v. t.: To answer or be (in the place of something) to; as a sofa serves one for a seat and a couch.; v. t.: To treat; to behave one's self to; to requite; to act toward; as he served me very ill.; v. t.: To work; to operate; as to serve the guns.; v. t.: To bring to notice deliver or execute either actually or constructively in such manner as the law requires; as to serve a summons.; v. t.: To make legal service opon (a person named in a writ summons etc.); as to serve a witness with a subp/na.; v. t.: To pass or spend as time esp. time of punishment; as to serve a term in prison.; v. t.: To copulate with; to cover; as a horse serves a mare; -- said of the male.; v. t.: To lead off in delivering (the ball).; v. t.: To wind spun yarn or the like tightly around (a rope or cable etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather. See under Serving.; v. i.: To be a servant or a slave; to be employed in labor or other business for another; to be in subjection or bondage; to render menial service.; v. i.: To perform domestic offices; to be occupied with household affairs; to prepare and dish up food etc.; v. i.: To be in service; to do duty; to discharge the requirements of an office or employment. Specifically to act in the public service as a soldier seaman. etc.; v. i.: To be of use; to answer a purpose; to suffice; to suit; to be convenient or favorable.; v. i.: To lead off in delivering the ball.
Found on page(s): [3]

envious - envious, Definition(s): a.: Malignant; mischievous; spiteful.; a.: Feeling or exhibiting envy; actuated or directed by or proceeding from envy; -- said of a person disposition feeling act etc.; jealously pained by the excellence or good fortune of another; maliciously grudging; -- followed by of at and against; as an envious man disposition attack; envious tongues.; a.: Inspiring envy.; a.: Excessively careful; cautious.
Found on page(s): [23]

seraphim - seraphim, Definition(s): n.: The Hebrew plural of Seraph. Cf. Cherubim.
Found on page(s): [13, 28]

smile - smile, Definition(s): v. i.: To express amusement pleasure moderate joy or love and kindness by the features of the face; to laugh silently.; v. i.: To express slight contempt by a look implying sarcasm or pity; to sneer.; v. i.: To look gay and joyous; to have an appearance suited to excite joy; as smiling spring; smiling plenty.; v. i.: To be propitious or favorable; to favor; to countenance; -- often with on; as to smile on one's labors.; v. t.: To express by a smile; as to smile consent; to smile a welcome to visitors.; v. t.: To affect in a certain way with a smile.; v. i.: The act of smiling; a peculiar change or brightening of the face which expresses pleasure moderate joy mirth approbation or kindness; -- opposed to frown.; v. i.: A somewhat similar expression of countenance indicative of satisfaction combined with malevolent feelings as contempt scorn etc; as a scornful smile.; v. i.: Favor; countenance; propitiousness; as the smiles of Providence.; v. i.: Gay or joyous appearance; as the smiles of spring.
Found on page(s): [24, 38, 52, 55]

sufficiency - sufficiency, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being sufficient or adequate to the end proposed; adequacy.; n.: Qualification for any purpose; ability; capacity.; n.: Adequate substance or means; competence.; n.: Supply equal to wants; ample stock or fund.; n.: Conceit; self-confidence; self-sufficiency.
Found on page(s): [26]

solution - solution, Definition(s): n.: The act of separating the parts of any body or the condition of undergoing a separation of parts; disruption; breach.; n.: The act of solving or the state of being solved; the disentanglement of any intricate problem or difficult question; explanation; clearing up; -- used especially in mathematics either of the process of solving an equation or problem or the result of the process.; n.: The state of being dissolved or disintegrated; resolution; disintegration.; n.: The act or process by which a body (whether solid liquid or gaseous) is absorbed into a liquid and remaining or becoming fluid is diffused throughout the solvent; also the product reulting from such absorption.; n.: release; deliverance; discharge.; n.: The termination of a disease; resolution.; n.: A crisis.; n.: A liquid medicine or preparation (usually aqueous) in which the solid ingredients are wholly soluble.
Found on page(s): [25, 32]

host - host, Definition(s): n.: The consecrated wafer believed to be the body of Christ which in the Mass is offered as a sacrifice; also the bread before consecration.; n.: An army; a number of men gathered for war.; n.: Any great number or multitude; a throng.; n.: One who receives or entertains another whether gratuitously or for compensation; one from whom another receives food lodging or entertainment; a landlord.; v. t.: To give entertainment to.; v. i.: To lodge at an inn; to take up entertainment.
Found on page(s): [44, 47]

backward - backward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Directed to the back or rear; as backward glances.; a.: Unwilling; averse; reluctant; hesitating; loath.; a.: Not well advanced in learning; not quick of apprehension; dull; inapt; as a backward child.; a.: Late or behindhand; as a backward season.; a.: Not advanced in civilization; undeveloped; as the country or region is in a backward state.; a.: Already past or gone; bygone.; n.: The state behind or past.; v. i.: To keep back; to hinder.
Found on page(s): [5, 46]

grain - grain, Definition(s): v. & n.: See Groan.; n.: A single small hard seed; a kernel especially of those plants like wheat whose seeds are used for food.; n.: The fruit of certain grasses which furnish the chief food of man as corn wheat rye oats etc. or the plants themselves; -- used collectively.; n.: Any small hard particle as of sand sugar salt etc.; hence any minute portion or particle; as a grain of gunpowder of pollen of starch of sense of wit etc.; n.: The unit of the English system of weights; -- so called because considered equal to the average of grains taken from the middle of the ears of wheat. 7000 grains constitute the pound avoirdupois and 5760 grains the pound troy. A grain is equal to .0648 gram. See Gram.; n.: A reddish dye made from the coccus insect or kermes; hence a red color of any tint or hue as crimson scarlet etc.; sometimes used by the poets as equivalent to Tyrian purple.; n.: The composite particles of any substance; that arrangement of the particles of any body which determines its comparative roughness or hardness; texture; as marble sugar sandstone etc. of fine grain.; n.: The direction arrangement or appearance of the fibers in wood or of the strata in stone slate etc.; n.: The fiber which forms the substance of wood or of any fibrous material.; n.: The hair side of a piece of leather or the marking on that side.; n.: The remains of grain etc. after brewing or distillation; hence any residuum. Also called draff.; n.: A rounded prominence on the back of a sepal as in the common dock. See Grained a. 4.; a.: Temper; natural disposition; inclination.; a.: A sort of spice the grain of paradise.; v. t.: To paint in imitation of the grain of wood marble etc.; v. t.: To form (powder sugar etc.) into grains.; v. t.: To take the hair off (skins); to soften and raise the grain of (leather etc.).; n.: To yield fruit.; n.: To form grains or to assume a granular ferm as the result of crystallization; to granulate.; n.: A branch of a tree; a stalk or stem of a plant.; n.: A tine prong or fork.; n.: One the branches of a valley or of a river.; n.: An iron first speak or harpoon having four or more barbed points.; n.: A blade of a sword knife etc.; n.: A thin piece of metal used in a mold to steady a core.
Found on page(s): [47]

terrible - terrible, Definition(s): a.: Adapted or likely to excite terror awe or dread; dreadful; formidable.; a.: Excessive; extreme; severe.
Found on page(s): [44]

upward - upward, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; a.: Directed toward a higher place; as with upward eye; with upward course.; n.: The upper part; the top.
Found on page(s): [2, 5]

alter - alter, Definition(s): v. t.: To make otherwise; to change in some respect either partially or wholly; to vary; to modify.; v. t.: To agitate; to affect mentally.; v. t.: To geld.; v. i.: To become in some respects different; to vary; to change; as the weather alters almost daily; rocks or minerals alter by exposure.
Found on page(s): [18]

brook - brook, Definition(s): v. t.: A natural stream of water smaller than a river or creek.; v. t.: To use; to enjoy.; v. t.: To bear; to endure; to put up with; to tolerate; as young men can not brook restraint.; v. t.: To deserve; to earn.
Found on page(s): [37]

ideal - ideal, Definition(s): a.: Existing in idea or thought; conceptional; intellectual; mental; as ideal knowledge.; a.: Reaching an imaginary standard of excellence; fit for a model; faultless; as ideal beauty.; a.: Existing in fancy or imagination only; visionary; unreal.; a.: Teaching the doctrine of idealism; as the ideal theory or philosophy.; a.: Imaginary.; n.: A mental conception regarded as a standard of perfection; a model of excellence beauty etc.
Found on page(s): [48]

comedy - comedy, Definition(s): n.: A dramatic composition or representation of a bright and amusing character based upon the foibles of individuals the manners of society or the ludicrous events or accidents of life; a play in which mirth predominates and the termination of the plot is happy; -- opposed to tragedy.
Found on page(s): [1]

pleasant - pleasant, Definition(s): a.: Pleasing; grateful to the mind or to the senses; agreeable; as a pleasant journey; pleasant weather.; a.: Cheerful; enlivening; gay; sprightly; humorous; sportive; as pleasant company; a pleasant fellow.; n.: A wit; a humorist; a buffoon.
Found on page(s): [12, 44, 53]

bearing - bearing, Definition(s): n.: The manner in which one bears or conducts one's self; mien; behavior; carriage.; n.: Patient endurance; suffering without complaint.; n.: The situation of one object with respect to another such situation being supposed to have a connection with the object or influence upon it or to be influenced by it; hence relation; connection.; n.: Purport; meaning; intended significance; aspect.; n.: The act power or time of producing or giving birth; as a tree in full bearing; a tree past bearing.; n.: That part of any member of a building which rests upon its supports; as a lintel or beam may have four inches of bearing upon the wall.; n.: The portion of a support on which anything rests.; n.: Improperly the unsupported span; as the beam has twenty feet of bearing between its supports.; n.: The part of an axle or shaft in contact with its support collar or boxing; the journal.; n.: The part of the support on which a journal rests and rotates.; n.: Any single emblem or charge in an escutcheon or coat of arms -- commonly in the pl.; n.: The situation of a distant object with regard to a ship's position as on the bow on the lee quarter etc.; the direction or point of the compass in which an object is seen; as the bearing of the cape was W. N. W.; n.: The widest part of a vessel below the plank-sheer.; n.: The line of flotation of a vessel when properly trimmed with cargo or ballast.
Found on page(s): [21, 25]

heedless - heedless, Definition(s): a.: Without heed or care; inattentive; careless; thoughtless; unobservant.
Found on page(s): [17]

pressure - pressure, Definition(s): n.: The act of pressing or the condition of being pressed; compression; a squeezing; a crushing; as a pressure of the hand.; n.: A contrasting force or impulse of any kind; as the pressure of poverty; the pressure of taxes; the pressure of motives on the mind; the pressure of civilization.; n.: Affliction; distress; grievance.; n.: Urgency; as the pressure of business.; n.: Impression; stamp; character impressed.; n.: The action of a force against some obstacle or opposing force; a force in the nature of a thrust distributed over a surface often estimated with reference to the upon a unit's area.
Found on page(s): [29]

fill - fill, Definition(s): n.: One of the thills or shafts of a carriage.; a.: To make full; to supply with as much as can be held or contained; to put or pour into till no more can be received; to occupy the whole capacity of.; a.: To furnish an abudant supply to; to furnish with as mush as is desired or desirable; to occupy the whole of; to swarm in or overrun.; a.: To fill or supply fully with food; to feed; to satisfy.; a.: To possess and perform the duties of; to officiate in as an incumbent; to occupy; to hold; as a king fills a throne; the president fills the office of chief magistrate; the speaker of the House fills the chair.; a.: To supply with an incumbent; as to fill an office or a vacancy.; a.: To press and dilate as a sail; as the wind filled the sails.; a.: To trim (a yard) so that the wind shall blow on the after side of the sails.; a.: To make an embankment in or raise the level of (a low place) with earth or gravel.; v. i.: To become full; to have the whole capacity occupied; to have an abundant supply; to be satiated; as corn fills well in a warm season; the sail fills with the wind.; v. i.: To fill a cup or glass for drinking.; v. t.: A full supply as much as supplies want; as much as gives complete satisfaction.
Found on page(s): [19]

erewhile - erewhile, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [14, 17, 19, 22, 29, 33, 39, 40, 54]

brood - brood, Definition(s): v. t.: The young birds hatched at one time; a hatch; as a brood of chickens.; v. t.: The young from the same dam whether produced at the same time or not; young children of the same mother especially if nearly of the same age; offspring; progeny; as a woman with a brood of children.; v. t.: That which is bred or produced; breed; species.; v. t.: Heavy waste in tin and copper ores.; a.: Sitting or inclined to sit on eggs.; a.: Kept for breeding from; as a brood mare; brood stock; having young; as a brood sow.; v. i.: To sit on and cover eggs as a fowl for the purpose of warming them and hatching the young; or to sit over and cover young as a hen her chickens in order to warm and protect them; hence to sit quietly as if brooding.; v. i.: To have the mind dwell continuously or moodily on a subject; to think long and anxiously; to be in a state of gloomy serious thought; -- usually followed by over or on; as to brood over misfortunes.; v. t.: To sit over cover and cherish; as a hen broods her chickens.; v. t.: To cherish with care.; v. t.: To think anxiously or moodily upon.
Found on page(s): [21]

staid - staid, Definition(s): a.: Sober; grave; steady; sedate; composed; regular; not wild volatile or fanciful.; : of Stay.
Found on page(s): [18]

feed - feed, Definition(s): v. t.: To give food to; to supply with nourishment; to satisfy the physical huger of.; v. t.: To satisfy; grafity or minister to as any sense talent taste or desire.; v. t.: To fill the wants of; to supply with that which is used or wasted; as springs feed ponds; the hopper feeds the mill; to feed a furnace with coal.; v. t.: To nourish in a general sense; to foster strengthen develop and guard.; v. t.: To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding as herbage by cattle; as if grain is too forward in autumn feed it with sheep.; v. t.: To give for food especially to animals; to furnish for consumption; as to feed out turnips to the cows; to feed water to a steam boiler.; v. t.: To supply (the material to be operated upon) to a machine; as to feed paper to a printing press.; v. t.: To produce progressive operation upon or with (as in wood and metal working machines so that the work moves to the cutting tool or the tool to the work).; v. i.: To take food; to eat.; v. i.: To subject by eating; to satisfy the appetite; to feed one's self (upon something); to prey; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To be nourished strengthened or satisfied as if by food.; v. i.: To place cattle to feed; to pasture; to graze.; n.: That which is eaten; esp. food for beasts; fodder; pasture; hay; grain ground or whole; as the best feed for sheep.; n.: A grazing or pasture ground.; n.: An allowance of provender given to a horse cow etc.; a meal; as a feed of corn or oats.; n.: A meal or the act of eating.; n.: The water supplied to steam boilers.; n.: The motion or act of carrying forward the stuff to be operated upon as cloth to the needle in a sewing machine; or of producing progressive operation upon any material or object in a machine as in a turning lathe by moving the cutting tool along or in the work.; n.: The supply of material to a machine as water to a steam boiler coal to a furnace or grain to a run of stones.; n.: The mechanism by which the action of feeding is produced; a feed motion.
Found on page(s): [36]

glaucus - glaucus, Definition(s): n.: A genus of nudibranchiate mollusks found in the warmer latitudes swimming in the open sea. These mollusks are beautifully colored with blue and silvery white.
Found on page(s): [3]

task - task, Definition(s): v.: Labor or study imposed by another often in a definite quantity or amount.; v.: Business; employment; undertaking; labor.; v. t.: To impose a task upon; to assign a definite amount of business labor or duty to.; v. t.: To oppress with severe or excessive burdens; to tax.; v. t.: To charge; to tax; as with a fault.
Found on page(s): [20]

horn - horn, Definition(s): n.: A hard projecting and usually pointed organ growing upon the heads of certain animals esp. of the ruminants as cattle goats and the like. The hollow horns of the Ox family consist externally of true horn and are never shed.; n.: The antler of a deer which is of bone throughout and annually shed and renewed.; n.: Any natural projection or excrescence from an animal resembling or thought to resemble a horn in substance or form; esp.: (a) A projection from the beak of a bird as in the hornbill. (b) A tuft of feathers on the head of a bird as in the horned owl. (c) A hornlike projection from the head or thorax of an insect or the head of a reptile or fish. (d) A sharp spine in front of the fins of a fish as in the horned pout.; n.: An incurved tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias).; n.: A wind instrument of music; originally one made of a horn (of an ox or a ram); now applied to various elaborately wrought instruments of brass or other metal resembling a horn in shape.; n.: A drinking cup or beaker as having been originally made of the horns of cattle.; n.: The cornucopia or horn of plenty.; n.: A vessel made of a horn; esp. one designed for containing powder; anciently a small vessel for carrying liquids.; n.: The pointed beak of an anvil.; n.: The high pommel of a saddle; also either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg.; n.: The Ionic volute.; n.: The outer end of a crosstree; also one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff boom etc.; n.: A curved projection on the fore part of a plane.; n.: One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering.; n.: One of the curved ends of a crescent; esp. an extremity or cusp of the moon when crescent-shaped.; n.: The curving extremity of the wing of an army or of a squadron drawn up in a crescentlike form.; n.: The tough fibrous material of which true horns are composed being in the Ox family chiefly albuminous with some phosphate of lime; also any similar substance as that which forms the hoof crust of horses sheep and cattle; as a spoon of horn.; n.: A symbol of strength power glory exaltation or pride.; n.: An emblem of a cuckold; -- used chiefly in the plural.; v. t.: To furnish with horns; to give the shape of a horn to.; v. t.: To cause to wear horns; to cuckold.
Found on page(s): [29, 47, 53, 54]

infer - infer, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring on; to induce; to occasion.; v. t.: To offer as violence.; v. t.: To bring forward or employ as an argument; to adduce; to allege; to offer.; v. t.: To derive by deduction or by induction; to conclude or surmise from facts or premises; to accept or derive as a consequence conclusion or probability; to imply; as I inferred his determination from his silence.; v. t.: To show; to manifest; to prove.
Found on page(s): [17]

compass - compass, Definition(s): n.: A passing round; circuit; circuitous course.; n.: An inclosing limit; boundary; circumference; as within the compass of an encircling wall.; n.: An inclosed space; an area; extent.; n.: Extent; reach; sweep; capacity; sphere; as the compass of his eye; the compass of imagination.; n.: Moderate bounds limits of truth; moderation; due limits; -- used with within.; n.: The range of notes or tones within the capacity of a voice or instrument.; n.: An instrument for determining directions upon the earth's surface by means of a magnetized bar or needle turning freely upon a pivot and pointing in a northerly and southerly direction.; n.: A pair of compasses.; n.: A circle; a continent.; v. t.: To go about or entirely round; to make the circuit of.; v. t.: To inclose on all sides; to surround; to encircle; to environ; to invest; to besiege; -- used with about round around and round about.; v. t.: To reach round; to circumvent; to get within one's power; to obtain; to accomplish.; v. t.: To curve; to bend into a circular form.; v. t.: To purpose; to intend; to imagine; to plot.
Found on page(s): [47]

dispose - dispose, Definition(s): v. t.: To distribute and put in place; to arrange; to set in order; as to dispose the ships in the form of a crescent.; v. t.: To regulate; to adjust; to settle; to determine.; v. t.: To deal out; to assign to a use; to bestow for an object or purpose; to apply; to employ; to dispose of.; v. t.: To give a tendency or inclination to; to adapt; to cause to turn; especially to incline the mind of; to give a bent or propension to; to incline; to make inclined; -- usually followed by to sometimes by for before the indirect object.; v. t.: To exercise finally one's power of control over; to pass over into the control of some one else as by selling; to alienate; to part with; to relinquish; to get rid of; as to dispose of a house; to dispose of one's time.; v. i.: To bargain; to make terms.; n.: Disposal; ordering; management; power or right of control.; n.: Cast of mind; disposition; inclination; behavior; demeanor.
Found on page(s): [8, 48]

sore - sore, Definition(s): n.: Reddish brown; sorrel.; n.: A young hawk or falcon in the first year.; n.: A young buck in the fourth year. See the Note under Buck.; superl.: Tender to the touch; susceptible of pain from pressure; inflamed; painful; -- said of the body or its parts; as a sore hand.; superl.: Fig.: Sensitive; tender; easily pained grieved or vexed; very susceptible of irritation.; superl.: Severe; afflictive; distressing; as a sore disease; sore evil or calamity.; superl.: Criminal; wrong; evil.; a.: A place in an animal body where the skin and flesh are ruptured or bruised so as to be tender or painful; a painful or diseased place such as an ulcer or a boil.; a.: Fig.: Grief; affliction; trouble; difficulty.; a.: In a sore manner; with pain; grievously.; a.: Greatly; violently; deeply.
Found on page(s): [25]

valley - valley, Definition(s): n.: The space inclosed between ranges of hills or mountains; the strip of land at the bottom of the depressions intersecting a country including usually the bed of a stream with frequently broad alluvial plains on one or both sides of the stream. Also used figuratively.; n.: The place of meeting of two slopes of a roof which have their plates running in different directions and form on the plan a reentrant angle.; n.: The depression formed by the meeting of two slopes on a flat roof.
Found on page(s): [34]

glow - glow, Definition(s): v. i.: To shine with an intense or white heat; to give forth vivid light and heat; to be incandescent.; v. i.: To exhibit a strong bright color; to be brilliant as if with heat; to be bright or red with heat or animation with blushes etc.; v. i.: To feel hot; to have a burning sensation as of the skin from friction exercise etc.; to burn.; v. i.: To feel the heat of passion; to be animated as by intense love zeal anger etc.; to rage as passior; as the heart glows with love zeal or patriotism.; v. t.: To make hot; to flush.; n.: White or red heat; incandscence.; n.: Brightness or warmth of color; redness; a rosy flush; as the glow of health in the cheeks.; n.: Intense excitement or earnestness; vehemence or heat of passion; ardor.; n.: Heat of body; a sensation of warmth as that produced by exercise etc.
Found on page(s): [10]

laughter - laughter, Definition(s): v. i.: A movement (usually involuntary) of the muscles of the face particularly of the lips with a peculiar expression of the eyes indicating merriment satisfaction or derision and usually attended by a sonorous and interrupted expulsion of air from the lungs. See Laugh v. i.
Found on page(s): [34]

transgression - transgression, Definition(s): n.: The act of transgressing or of passing over or beyond any law civil or moral; the violation of a law or known principle of rectitude; breach of command; fault; offense; crime; sin.
Found on page(s): [23]

soul - soul, Definition(s): a.: Sole.; a.: Sole.; v. i.: To afford suitable sustenance.; n.: The seat of real life or vitality; the source of action; the animating or essential part.; n.: The leader; the inspirer; the moving spirit; the heart; as the soul of an enterprise; an able general is the soul of his army.; n.: Energy; courage; spirit; fervor; affection or any other noble manifestation of the heart or moral nature; inherent power or goodness.; n.: A human being; a person; -- a familiar appellation usually with a qualifying epithet; as poor soul.; n.: A pure or disembodied spirit.; v. t.: To indue with a soul; to furnish with a soul or mind.
Found on page(s): [8, 14, 15, 16, 27, 35, 39, 44, 46]

senseless - senseless, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of deficient in or contrary to sense; without sensibility or feeling; unconscious; stupid; foolish; unwise; unreasonable.
Found on page(s): [18]

blindly - blindly, Definition(s): adv.: Without sight discernment or understanding; without thought investigation knowledge or purpose of one's own.
Found on page(s): [18]

conceive - conceive, Definition(s): v. t.: To receive into the womb and begin to breed; to begin the formation of the embryo of.; v. t.: To form in the mind; to plan; to devise; to generate; to originate; as to conceive a purpose plan hope.; v. t.: To apprehend by reason or imagination; to take into the mind; to know; to imagine; to comprehend; to understand.; v. i.: To have an embryo or fetus formed in the womb; to breed; to become pregnant.; v. i.: To have a conception idea or opinion; think; -- with of.
Found on page(s): [33, 47]

lording - lording, Definition(s): n.: The son of a lord; a person of noble lineage.; n.: A little lord; a lordling; a lord in contempt or ridicule.
Found on page(s): [30]

accordant - accordant, Definition(s): a.: Agreeing; consonant; harmonious; corresponding; conformable; -- followed by with or to.
Found on page(s): [43, 47]

sooth - sooth, Definition(s): superl.: True; faithful; trustworthy.; superl.: Pleasing; delightful; sweet.; a.: Truth; reality.; a.: Augury; prognostication.; a.: Blandishment; cajolery.
Found on page(s): [25, 54]

stain - stain, Definition(s): v. t.: To discolor by the application of foreign matter; to make foul; to spot; as to stain the hand with dye; armor stained with blood.; v. t.: To color as wood glass paper cloth or the like by processess affecting chemically or otherwise the material itself; to tinge with a color or colors combining with or penetrating the substance; to dye; as to stain wood with acids colored washes paint rubbed in etc.; to stain glass.; v. t.: To spot with guilt or infamy; to bring reproach on; to blot; to soil; to tarnish.; v. t.: To cause to seem inferior or soiled by comparison.; v. i.: To give or receive a stain; to grow dim.; n.: A discoloration by foreign matter; a spot; as a stain on a garment or cloth.; n.: A natural spot of a color different from the gound.; n.: Taint of guilt; tarnish; disgrace; reproach.; n.: Cause of reproach; shame.; n.: A tincture; a tinge.
Found on page(s): [33]

breath - breath, Definition(s): n.: The air inhaled and exhaled in respiration; air which in the process of respiration has parted with oxygen and has received carbonic acid aqueous vapor warmth etc.; n.: The act of breathing naturally or freely; the power or capacity to breathe freely; as I am out of breath.; n.: The power of respiration and hence life.; n.: Time to breathe; respite; pause.; n.: A single respiration or the time of making it; a single act; an instant.; n.: Fig.: That which gives or strengthens life.; n.: A single word; the slightest effort; a trifle.; n.: A very slight breeze; air in gentle motion.; n.: Fragrance; exhalation; odor; perfume.; n.: Gentle exercise causing a quicker respiration.
Found on page(s): [22]

hour - hour, Definition(s): n.: The twenty-fourth part of a day; sixty minutes.; n.: Fixed or appointed time; conjuncture; a particular time or occasion; as the hour of greatest peril; the man for the hour.; n.: Certain prayers to be repeated at stated times of the day as matins and vespers.; n.: A measure of distance traveled.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 33, 36, 39, 52, 53]

attracting - attracting, Definition(s): a.: That attracts.
Found on page(s): [54]

bale - bale, Definition(s): n.: A bundle or package of goods in a cloth cover and corded for storage or transportation; also a bundle of straw / hay etc. put up compactly for transportation.; v. t.: To make up in a bale.; v. t.: See Bail v. t. to lade.; n.: Misery; calamity; misfortune; sorrow.; n.: Evil; an evil pernicious influence; something causing great injury.
Found on page(s): [30]

hither - hither, Definition(s): adv.: To this place; -- used with verbs signifying motion and implying motion toward the speaker; correlate of hence and thither; as to come or bring hither.; adv.: To this point source conclusion design etc.; -- in a sense not physical.; a.: Being on the side next or toward the person speaking; nearer; -- correlate of thither and farther; as on the hither side of a hill.; a.: Applied to time: On the hither side of younger than; of fewer years than.
Found on page(s): [3, 9]

deceitfulness - deceitfulness, Definition(s): n.: The disposition to deceive; as a man's deceitfulness may be habitual.; n.: The quality of being deceitful; as the deceitfulness of a man's practices.; n.: Tendency to mislead or deceive.
Found on page(s): [39]

met - met, Definition(s): : A prefix meaning between with after behind over about reversely; as metachronism the error of placing after the correct time; metaphor lit. a carrying over; metathesis a placing reversely.; : Other; duplicate corresponding to; resembling; hence metameric; as meta-arabinic metaldehyde.; : That two replacing radicals in the benzene nucleus occupy the relative positions of 1 and 3 2 and 4 3 and 5 4 and 6 5 and 1 or 6 and 2; as metacresol etc. See Ortho- and Para-.; : Having less than the highest number of hydroxyl groups; -- said of acids; as metaphosphoric acid. Also used adjectively.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 23, 53]

heard - heard, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hear.
Found on page(s): [19, 25, 38, 39, 40, 53, 55, 56]

certainly - certainly, Definition(s): adv.: Without doubt or question; unquestionably.
Found on page(s): [6]

stern - stern, Definition(s): n.: The black tern.; superl.: Having a certain hardness or severity of nature manner or aspect; hard; severe; rigid; rigorous; austere; fixed; unchanging; unrelenting; hence serious; resolute; harsh; as a sternresolve; a stern necessity; a stern heart; a stern gaze; a stern decree.; v. t.: The helm or tiller of a vessel or boat; also the rudder.; v. t.: The after or rear end of a ship or other vessel or of a boat; the part opposite to the stem or prow.; v. t.: Fig.: The post of management or direction.; v. t.: The hinder part of anything.; v. t.: The tail of an animal; -- now used only of the tail of a dog.; a.: Being in the stern or being astern; as the stern davits.
Found on page(s): [21]

sought - sought, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Seek.
Found on page(s): [29, 40, 46]

volition - volition, Definition(s): n.: The act of willing or choosing; the act of forming a purpose; the exercise of the will.; n.: The result of an act or exercise of choosing or willing; a state of choice.; n.: The power of willing or determining; will.
Found on page(s): [44]

admittance - admittance, Definition(s): n.: The act of admitting.; n.: Permission to enter; the power or right of entrance; also actual entrance; reception.; n.: Concession; admission; allowance; as the admittance of an argument.; n.: Admissibility.; n.: The act of giving possession of a copyhold estate.
Found on page(s): [46]

ruby - ruby, Definition(s): n.: A precious stone of a carmine red color sometimes verging to violet or intermediate between carmine and hyacinth red. It is a red crystallized variety of corundum.; n.: The color of a ruby; carmine red; a red tint.; n.: That which has the color of the ruby as red wine. Hence a red blain or carbuncle.; n.: See Agate n. 2.; n.: Any species of South American humming birds of the genus Clytolaema. The males have a ruby-colored throat or breast.; a.: Ruby-colored; red; as ruby lips.; v. t.: To make red; to redden.
Found on page(s): [34]

master - master, Definition(s): n.: A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as a two-master.; n.: A male person having another living being so far subject to his will that he can in the main control his or its actions; -- formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign prince or feudal noble; a chief or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute -- especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or other supernatural being.; n.: One who uses or controls at will anything inanimate; as to be master of one's time.; n.: One who has attained great skill in the use or application of anything; as a master of oratorical art.; n.: A title given by courtesy now commonly pronounced mister except when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister but usually abbreviated to Mr.; n.: A young gentleman; a lad or small boy.; n.: The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain. Also a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign and below lieutenant; formerly an officer on a man-of-war who had immediate charge under the commander of sailing the vessel.; n.: A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons esp. the presiding officer; also a person holding a similar office in other civic societies.; v. t.: To become the master of; to subject to one's will control or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.; v. t.: To gain the command of so as to understand or apply; to become an adept in; as to master a science.; v. t.: To own; to posses.; v. i.: To be skillful; to excel.
Found on page(s): [38, 41]

witness - witness, Definition(s): v. i.: Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.; v. i.: That which furnishes evidence or proof.; v. i.: One who is cognizant; a person who beholds or otherwise has personal knowledge of anything; as an eyewitness; an earwitness.; v. i.: One who testifies in a cause or gives evidence before a judicial tribunal; as the witness in court agreed in all essential facts.; v. i.: One who sees the execution of an instrument and subscribes it for the purpose of confirming its authenticity by his testimony; one who witnesses a will a deed a marriage or the like.; v. t.: To see or know by personal presence; to have direct cognizance of.; v. t.: To give testimony to; to testify to; to attest.; v. t.: To see the execution of as an instrument and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity; as to witness a bond or a deed.; v. i.: To bear testimony; to give evidence; to testify.
Found on page(s): [1]

thyself - thyself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the personal pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with thou; as thou thyself shalt go; that is thou shalt go and no other. It is sometimes used especially in the predicate without thou and in the nominative as well as in the objective case.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 22, 36]

evident - evident, Definition(s): a.: Clear to the vision; especially clear to the understanding and satisfactory to the judgment; as the figure or color of a body is evident to the senses; the guilt of an offender can not always be made evident.
Found on page(s): [17]

mere - mere, Definition(s): n.: A pool or lake.; n.: A boundary.; v. t.: To divide limit or bound.; n.: A mare.; Superl.: Unmixed; pure; entire; absolute; unqualified.; Superl.: Only this and nothing else; such and no more; simple; bare; as a mere boy; a mere form.
Found on page(s): [25, 27]

abjectness - abjectness, Definition(s): n.: The state of being abject; abasement; meanness; servility.
Found on page(s): [42]

socket - socket, Definition(s): n.: An opening into which anything is fitted; any hollow thing or place which receives and holds something else; as the sockets of the teeth.; n.: Especially the hollow tube or place in which a candle is fixed in the candlestick.
Found on page(s): [40]

breast - breast, Definition(s): n.: The fore part of the body between the neck and the belly; the chest; as the breast of a man or of a horse.; n.: Either one of the protuberant glands situated on the front of the chest or thorax in the female of man and of some other mammalia in which milk is secreted for the nourishment of the young; a mamma; a teat.; n.: Anything resembling the human breast or bosom; the front or forward part of anything; as a chimney breast; a plow breast; the breast of a hill.; n.: The face of a coal working.; n.: The front of a furnace.; n.: The seat of consciousness; the repository of thought and self-consciousness or of secrets; the seat of the affections and passions; the heart.; n.: The power of singing; a musical voice; -- so called probably from the connection of the voice with the lungs which lie within the breast.; v. t.: To meet with the breast; to struggle with or oppose manfully; as to breast the storm or waves.; n.: A torus.
Found on page(s): [2, 39]

coming - coming, Definition(s): a.: Approaching; of the future especially the near future; the next; as the coming week or year; the coming exhibition.; a.: Ready to come; complaisant; fond.; n.: Approach; advent; manifestation; as the coming of the train.; n.: Specifically: The Second Advent of Christ.
Found on page(s): [36, 46]

doubtfully - doubtfully, Definition(s): adv.: In a doubtful manner.
Found on page(s): [52]

inform - inform, Definition(s): a.: Without regular form; shapeless; ugly; deformed.; v. t.: To give form or share to; to give vital ororganizing power to; to give life to; to imbue and actuate with vitality; to animate; to mold; to figure; to fashion.; v. t.: To communicate knowledge to; to make known to; to acquaint; to advise; to instruct; to tell; to notify; to enlighten; -- usually followed by of.; v. t.: To communicate a knowledge of facts toby way of accusation; to warn against anybody.; v. t.: To take form; to become visible or manifest; to appear.; v. t.: To give intelligence or information; to tell.
Found on page(s): [7, 10, 14]

slake - slake, Definition(s): a.: To allay; to quench; to extinguish; as to slake thirst.; a.: To mix with water so that a true chemical combination shall take place; to slack; as to slake lime.; v. i.: To go out; to become extinct.; v. i.: To abate; to become less decided.; v. i.: To slacken; to become relaxed.; v. i.: To become mixed with water so that a true chemical combination takes place; as the lime slakes.
Found on page(s): [38]

sown - sown, Definition(s): : p. p. of Sow.
Found on page(s): [30]

sorrow - sorrow, Definition(s): n.: The uneasiness or pain of mind which is produced by the loss of any good real or supposed or by diseappointment in the expectation of good; grief at having suffered or occasioned evil; regret; unhappiness; sadness.; n.: To feel pain of mind in consequence of evil experienced feared or done; to grieve; to be sad; to be sorry.
Found on page(s): [32, 33]

firm - firm, Definition(s): superl.: Fixed; hence closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as firm flesh; firm muscles firm wood.; superl.: Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong; as a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent.; superl.: Solid; -- opposed to fluid; as firm land.; superl.: Indicating firmness; as a firm tread; a firm countenance.; a.: The name title or style under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house; as the firm of Hope & Co.; a.: To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish.; a.: To fix or direct with firmness.
Found on page(s): [5, 15, 47, 52]

reflect - reflect, Definition(s): v.: To bend back; to give a backwa/d turn to; to throw back; especially to cause to return after striking upon any surface; as a mirror reflects rays of light; polished metals reflect heat.; v.: To give back an image or likeness of; to mirror.; v. i.: To throw back light heat or the like; to return rays or beams.; v. i.: To be sent back; to rebound as from a surface; to revert; to return.; v. i.: To throw or turn back the thoughts upon anything; to contemplate. Specifically: To attend earnestly to what passes within the mind; to attend to the facts or phenomena of consciousness; to use attention or earnest thought; to meditate; especially to think in relation to moral truth or rules.; v. i.: To cast reproach; to cause censure or dishonor.
Found on page(s): [32]

constellation - constellation, Definition(s): n.: A cluster or group of fixed stars or dvision of the heavens designated in most cases by the name of some animal or of some mythologial personage within whose imaginary outline as traced upon the heavens the group is included.; n.: An assemblage of splendors or excellences.; n.: Fortune; fate; destiny.
Found on page(s): [2, 47]

meaning - meaning, Definition(s): n.: That which is meant or intended; intent; purpose; aim; object; as a mischievous meaning was apparent.; n.: That which is signified whether by act lanquage; signification; sence; import; as the meaning of a hint.; n.: Sense; power of thinking.
Found on page(s): [14]

thereat - thereat, Definition(s): adv.: At that place; there.; adv.: At that occurrence or event; on that account.
Found on page(s): [32, 37]

band - band, Definition(s): v. t.: A fillet strap or any narrow ligament with which a thing is encircled or fastened or by which a number of things are tied bound together or confined; a fetter.; v. t.: A continuous tablet stripe or series of ornaments as of carved foliage of color or of brickwork etc.; v. t.: In Gothic architecture the molding or suite of moldings which encircles the pillars and small shafts.; v. t.: That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie.; v. t.: A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries.; v. t.: Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical legal or academic dress.; v. t.: A narrow strip of cloth or other material on any article of dress to bind strengthen ornament or complete it.; v. t.: A company of persons united in any common design especially a body of armed men.; v. t.: A number of musicians who play together upon portable musical instruments especially those making a loud sound as certain wind instruments (trumpets clarinets etc.) and drums or cymbals.; v. t.: A space between elevated lines or ribs as of the fruits of umbelliferous plants.; v. t.: A stripe streak or other mark transverse to the axis of the body.; v. t.: A belt or strap.; v. t.: Pledge; security.; v. t.: To bind or tie with a band.; v. t.: To mark with a band.; v. t.: To unite in a troop company or confederacy.; v. i.: To confederate for some common purpose; to unite; to conspire together.; v. t.: To bandy; to drive away.; : imp. of Bind.
Found on page(s): [37]

height - height, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being high; elevated position.; n.: The distance to which anything rises above its foot above that on which in stands above the earth or above the level of the sea; altitude; the measure upward from a surface as the floor or the ground of animal especially of a man; stature.; n.: Degree of latitude either north or south.; n.: That which is elevated; an eminence; a hill or mountain; as Alpine heights.; n.: Elevation in excellence of any kind as in power learning arts; also an advanced degree of social rank; preeminence or distinction in society; prominence.; n.: Progress toward eminence; grade; degree.; n.: Utmost degree in extent; extreme limit of energy or condition; as the height of a fever of passion of madness of folly; the height of a tempest.
Found on page(s): [4, 13, 16, 37]

singing - singing, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Sing v.
Found on page(s): [5, 12, 33, 38]

myself - myself, Definition(s): pron.: I or me in person; -- used for emphasis my own self or person; as I myself will do it; I have done it myself; -- used also instead of me as the object of the first person of a reflexive verb without emphasis; as I will defend myself.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 5, 9, 12, 13, 27, 30, 33, 52]

outer - outer, Definition(s): a.: Being on the outside; external; farthest or farther from the interior from a given station or from any space or position regarded as a center or starting place; -- opposed to inner; as the outer wall; the outer court or gate; the outer stump in cricket; the outer world.; n.: The part of a target which is beyond the circles surrounding the bull's-eye.; n.: A shot which strikes the outer of a target.; v.: One who puts out ousts or expels; also an ouster; dispossession.
Found on page(s): [43]

herein - herein, Definition(s): adv.: In this.
Found on page(s): [17]

fluent - fluent, Definition(s): a.: Flowing or capable of flowing; liquid; glodding; easily moving.; a.: Ready in the use of words; voluble; copious; having words at command; and uttering them with facility and smoothness; as a fluent speaker; hence flowing; voluble; smooth; -- said of language; as fluent speech.; n.: A current of water; a stream.; n.: A variable quantity considered as increasing or diminishing; -- called in the modern calculus the function or integral.
Found on page(s): [32]

execute - execute, Definition(s): v. t.: To follow out or through to the end; to carry out into complete effect; to complete; to finish; to effect; to perform.; v. t.: To complete as a legal instrument; to perform what is required to give validity to as by signing and perhaps sealing and delivering; as to execute a deed lease mortgage will etc.; v. t.: To give effect to; to do what is provided or required by; to perform the requirements or stimulations of; as to execute a decree judgment writ or process.; v. t.: To infect capital punishment on; to put to death in conformity to a legal sentence; as to execute a traitor.; v. t.: Too put to death illegally; to kill.; v. t.: To perform as a piece of music either on an instrument or with the voice; as to execute a difficult part brilliantly.; v. i.: To do one's work; to act one's part of purpose.; v. i.: To perform musically.
Found on page(s): [18, 22]

flood - flood, Definition(s): v. i.: A great flow of water; a body of moving water; the flowing stream as of a river; especially a body of water rising swelling and overflowing land not usually thus covered; a deluge; a freshet; an inundation.; v. i.: The flowing in of the tide; the semidiurnal swell or rise of water in the ocean; -- opposed to ebb; as young flood; high flood.; v. i.: A great flow or stream of any fluid substance; as a flood of light; a flood of lava; hence a great quantity widely diffused; an overflowing; a superabundance; as a flood of bank notes; a flood of paper currency.; v. i.: Menstrual disharge; menses.; v. t.: To overflow; to inundate; to deluge; as the swollen river flooded the valley.; v. t.: To cause or permit to be inundated; to fill or cover with water or other fluid; as to flood arable land for irrigation; to fill to excess or to its full capacity; as to flood a country with a depreciated currency.
Found on page(s): [3, 21]

intention - intention, Definition(s): n.: A stretching or bending of the mind toward of the mind toward an object; closeness of application; fixedness of attention; earnestness.; n.: A determination to act in a certain way or to do a certain thing; purpose; design; as an intention to go to New York.; n.: The object toward which the thoughts are directed; end; aim.; n.: The state of being strained. See Intension.; n.: Any mental apprehension of an object.
Found on page(s): [14, 23, 42, 49]

afresh - afresh, Definition(s): adv.: Anew; again; once more; newly.
Found on page(s): [40]

animal - animal, Definition(s): n.: An organized living being endowed with sensation and the power of voluntary motion and also characterized by taking its food into an internal cavity or stomach for digestion; by giving carbonic acid to the air and taking oxygen in the process of respiration; and by increasing in motive power or active aggressive force with progress to maturity.; n.: One of the lower animals; a brute or beast as distinguished from man; as men and animals.; a.: Of or relating to animals; as animal functions.; a.: Pertaining to the merely sentient part of a creature as distinguished from the intellectual rational or spiritual part; as the animal passions or appetites.; a.: Consisting of the flesh of animals; as animal food.
Found on page(s): [29]

impulse - impulse, Definition(s): n.: The act of impelling or driving onward with sudden force; impulsion; especially force so communicated as to produced motion suddenly or immediately.; n.: The effect of an impelling force; motion produced by a sudden or momentary force.; n.: The action of a force during a very small interval of time; the effect of such action; as the impulse of a sudden blow upon a hard elastic body.; n.: A mental force which simply and directly urges to action; hasty inclination; sudden motive; momentary or transient influence of appetite or passion; propension; incitement; as a man of good impulses; passion often gives a violent impulse to the will.; v. t.: To impel; to incite.
Found on page(s): [4, 29]

tardiness - tardiness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being tardy.
Found on page(s): [28, 39]

ministry - ministry, Definition(s): n.: The act of ministering; ministration; service.; n.: Agency; instrumentality.; n.: The office duties or functions of a minister servant or agent; ecclesiastical executive or ambassadorial function or profession.; n.: The body of ministers of state; also the clergy as a body.; n.: Administration; rule; term in power; as the ministry of Pitt.
Found on page(s): [29, 39]

transporting - transporting, Definition(s): a.: That transports; fig. ravishing.
Found on page(s): [37]

prolific - prolific, Definition(s): a.: Having the quality of generating; producing young or fruit; generative; fruitful; productive; -- applied to plants producing fruit animals producing young etc.; -- usually with the implied idea of frequent or numerous production; as a prolific tree female and the like.; a.: Serving to produce; fruitful of results; active; as a prolific brain; a controversy prolific of evil.; a.: Proliferous.
Found on page(s): [41]

shower - shower, Definition(s): n.: One who shows or exhibits.; n.: That which shows; a mirror.; n.: A fall or rain or hail of short duration; sometimes but rarely a like fall of snow.; n.: That which resembles a shower in falling or passing through the air copiously and rapidly.; n.: A copious supply bestowed.; v. t.: To water with a shower; to //t copiously with rain.; v. t.: To bestow liberally; to destribute or scatter in /undance; to rain.; v. i.: To rain in showers; to fall as in a hower or showers.
Found on page(s): [51]

jewel - jewel, Definition(s): n.: An ornament of dress usually made of a precious metal and having enamel or precious stones as a part of its design.; n.: A precious stone; a gem.; n.: An object regarded with special affection; a precious thing.; n.: A bearing for a pivot a pivot in a watch formed of a crystal or precious stone as a ruby.; v. t.: To dress adorn deck or supply with jewels as a dress a sword hilt or a watch; to bespangle as with jewels.
Found on page(s): [33]

mid - mid, Definition(s): superl.: Denoting the middle part; as in mid ocean.; superl.: Occupying a middle position; middle; as the mid finger; the mid hour of night.; superl.: Made with a somewhat elevated position of some certain part of the tongue in relation to the palate; midway between the high and the low; -- said of certain vowel sounds; as a (ale) / (/ll) / (/ld). See Guide to Pronunciation // 10 11.; n.: Middle.; prep.: See Amid.
Found on page(s): [10, 49, 54]

believe - believe, Definition(s): n.: To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of upon evidence furnished by reasons arguments and deductions of the mind or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as to believe a person a statement or a doctrine.; v. i.: To have a firm persuasion esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [9, 28, 49]

fell - fell, Definition(s): : imp. of Fall.; a.: Cruel; barbarous; inhuman; fierce; savage; ravenous.; a.: Eager; earnest; intent.; a.: Gall; anger; melancholy.; n.: A skin or hide of a beast with the wool or hair on; a pelt; -- used chiefly in composition as woolfell.; n.: A barren or rocky hill.; n.: A wild field; a moor.; v. i.: To cause to fall; to prostrate; to bring down or to the ground; to cut down.; n.: The finer portions of ore which go through the meshes when the ore is sorted by sifting.; v. t.: To sew or hem; -- said of seams.; n.: A form of seam joining two pieces of cloth the edges being folded together and the stitches taken through both thicknesses.; n.: The end of a web formed by the last thread of the weft.
Found on page(s): [14, 18, 21, 22, 26]

unless - unless, Definition(s): conj.: Upon any less condition than (the fact or thing stated in the sentence or clause which follows); if not; supposing that not; if it be not; were it not that; except; as we shall fail unless we are industrious.
Found on page(s): [26]

excess - excess, Definition(s): n.: The state of surpassing or going beyond limits; the being of a measure beyond sufficiency necessity or duty; that which exceeds what is usual or prover; immoderateness; superfluity; superabundance; extravagance; as an excess of provisions or of light.; n.: An undue indulgence of the appetite; transgression of proper moderation in natural gratifications; intemperance; dissipation.; n.: The degree or amount by which one thing or number exceeds another; remainder; as the difference between two numbers is the excess of one over the other.
Found on page(s): [20, 52]

christian - christian, Definition(s): n.: One who believes or professes or is assumed to believe in Jesus Christ and the truth as taught by Him; especially one whose inward and outward life is conformed to the doctrines of Christ.; n.: One born in a Christian country or of Christian parents and who has not definitely becomes an adherent of an opposing system.; n.: One of a Christian denomination which rejects human creeds as bases of fellowship and sectarian names. They are congregational in church government and baptize by immersion. They are also called Disciples of Christ and Campbellites.; n.: One of a sect (called Christian Connection) of open-communion immersionists. The Bible is their only authoritative rule of faith and practice.; a.: Pertaining to Christ or his religion; as Christian people.; a.: Pertaining to the church; ecclesiastical; as a Christian court.; a.: Characteristic of Christian people; civilized; kind; kindly; gentle; beneficent.
Found on page(s): [39, 44]

glance - glance, Definition(s): n.: A sudden flash of light or splendor.; n.: A quick cast of the eyes; a quick or a casual look; a swift survey; a glimpse.; n.: An incidental or passing thought or allusion.; n.: A name given to some sulphides mostly dark-colored which have a brilliant metallic luster as the sulphide of copper called copper glance.; v. i.: To shoot or emit a flash of light; to shine; to flash.; v. i.: To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside. Your arrow hath glanced.; v. i.: To look with a sudden rapid cast of the eye; to snatch a momentary or hasty view.; v. i.: To make an incidental or passing reflection; to allude; to hint; -- often with at.; v. i.: To move quickly appearing and disappearing rapidly; to be visible only for an instant at a time; to move interruptedly; to twinkle.; v. t.: To shoot or dart suddenly or obliquely; to cast for a moment; as to glance the eye.; v. t.: To hint at; to touch lightly or briefly.
Found on page(s): [53]

nought - nought, Definition(s): n. & adv.: See Naught.
Found on page(s): [11, 14, 30]

benign - benign, Definition(s): a.: Of a kind or gentle disposition; gracious; generous; favorable; benignant.; a.: Exhibiting or manifesting kindness gentleness favor etc.; mild; kindly; salutary; wholesome.; a.: Of a mild type or character; as a benign disease.
Found on page(s): [1]

thrift - thrift, Definition(s): n.: A thriving state; good husbandry; economical management in regard to property; frugality.; n.: Success and advance in the acquisition of property; increase of worldly goods; gain; prosperity.; n.: Vigorous growth as of a plant.; n.: One of several species of flowering plants of the genera Statice and Armeria.
Found on page(s): [30]

womb - womb, Definition(s): n.: The belly; the abdomen.; n.: The uterus. See Uterus.; n.: The place where anything is generated or produced.; n.: Any cavity containing and enveloping anything.; v. t.: To inclose in a womb or as in a womb; to breed or hold in secret.
Found on page(s): [44]

galaxy - galaxy, Definition(s): n.: The Milky Way; that luminous tract or belt which is seen at night stretching across the heavens and which is composed of innumerable stars so distant and blended as to be distinguishable only with the telescope. The term has recently been used for remote clusters of stars.; n.: A splendid assemblage of persons or things.
Found on page(s): [53]

destruction - destruction, Definition(s): n.: The act of destroying; a tearing down; a bringing to naught; subversion; demolition; ruin; slaying; devastation.; n.: The state of being destroyed demolished ruined slain or devastated.; n.: A destroying agency; a cause of ruin or of devastation; a destroyer.
Found on page(s): [31]

ought - ought, Definition(s): n. & adv.: See Aught.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Was or were under obligation to pay; owed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: Owned; possessed.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be bound in duty or by moral obligation.; imp. p. p. or auxi: To be necessary fit becoming or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed.; : of Owe.
Found on page(s): [6]

wolf - wolf, Definition(s): a.: Any one of several species of wild and savage carnivores belonging to the genus Canis and closely allied to the common dog. The best-known and most destructive species are the European wolf (Canis lupus) the American gray or timber wolf (C. occidentalis) and the prairie wolf or coyote. Wolves often hunt in packs and may thus attack large animals and even man.; a.: One of the destructive and usually hairy larvae of several species of beetles and grain moths; as the bee wolf.; a.: Fig.: Any very ravenous rapacious or destructive person or thing; especially want; starvation; as they toiled hard to keep the wolf from the door.; a.: A white worm or maggot which infests granaries.; a.: An eating ulcer or sore. Cf. Lupus.; a.: The harsh howling sound of some of the chords on an organ or piano tuned by unequal temperament.; a.: In bowed instruments a harshness due to defective vibration in certain notes of the scale.; a.: A willying machine.
Found on page(s): [35]

accordance - accordance, Definition(s): n.: Agreement; harmony; conformity.
Found on page(s): [54]

weary - weary, Definition(s): superl.: Having the strength exhausted by toil or exertion; worn out in respect to strength endurance etc.; tired; fatigued.; superl.: Causing weariness; tiresome.; superl.: Having one's patience relish or contentment exhausted; tired; sick; -- with of before the cause; as weary of marching or of confinement; weary of study.; v. t.: To reduce or exhaust the physical strength or endurance of; to tire; to fatigue; as to weary one's self with labor or traveling.; v. t.: To make weary of anything; to exhaust the patience of as by continuance.; v. t.: To harass by anything irksome.; v. i.: To grow tired; to become exhausted or impatient; as to weary of an undertaking.
Found on page(s): [44, 49]

slant - slant, Definition(s): v. i.: To be turned or inclined from a right line or level; to lie obliquely; to slope.; v. t.: To turn from a direct line; to give an oblique or sloping direction to; as to slant a line.; n.: A slanting direction or plane; a slope; as it lies on a slant.; n.: An oblique reflection or gibe; a sarcastic remark.; v. i.: Inclined from a direct line whether horizontal or perpendicular; sloping; oblique.
Found on page(s): [53]

thorough - thorough, Definition(s): prep.: Through.; a.: Passing through; as thorough lights in a house.; a.: Passing through or to the end; hence complete; perfect; as a thorough reformation; thorough work; a thorough translator; a thorough poet.; adv.: Thoroughly.; adv.: Through.; n.: A furrow between two ridges to drain off the surface water.
Found on page(s): [44]

heavenly - heavenly, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to resembling or inhabiting heaven; celestial; not earthly; as heavenly regions; heavenly music.; a.: Appropriate to heaven in character or happiness; perfect; pure; supremely blessed; as a heavenly race; the heavenly throng.; adv.: In a manner resembling that of heaven.; adv.: By the influence or agency of heaven.
Found on page(s): [41]

repine - repine, Definition(s): v. i.: To fail; to wane.; v. i.: To continue pining; to feel inward discontent which preys on the spirits; to indulge in envy or complaint; to murmur.; n.: Vexation; mortification.
Found on page(s): [33]

stay - stay, Definition(s): n.: A large strong rope employed to support a mast by being extended from the head of one mast down to some other or to some part of the vessel. Those which lead forward are called fore-and-aft stays; those which lead to the vessel's side are called backstays. See Illust. of Ship.; v. i.: To stop from motion or falling; to prop; to fix firmly; to hold up; to support.; v. i.: To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time.; v. i.: To bear up under; to endure; to support; to resist successfully.; v. i.: To hold from proceeding; to withhold; to restrain; to stop; to hold.; v. i.: To hinde/; to delay; to detain; to keep back.; v. i.: To remain for the purpose of; to wait for.; v. i.: To cause to cease; to put an end to.; v. i.: To fasten or secure with stays; as to stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.; v. i.: To tack as a vessel so that the other side of the vessel shall be presented to the wind.; v. i.: To remain; to continue in a place; to abide fixed for a space of time; to stop; to stand still.; v. i.: To continue in a state.; v. i.: To wait; to attend; to forbear to act.; v. i.: To dwell; to tarry; to linger.; v. i.: To rest; to depend; to rely; to stand; to insist.; v. i.: To come to an end; to cease; as that day the storm stayed.; v. i.: To hold out in a race or other contest; as a horse stays well.; v. i.: To change tack; as a ship.; n.: That which serves as a prop; a support.; n.: A corset stiffened with whalebone or other material worn by women and rarely by men.; n.: Continuance in a place; abode for a space of time; sojourn; as you make a short stay in this city.; n.: Cessation of motion or progression; stand; stop.; n.: Hindrance; let; check.; n.: Restraint of passion; moderation; caution; steadiness; sobriety.; n.: Strictly a part in tension to hold the parts together or stiffen them.
Found on page(s): [51]

clearness - clearness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being clear.
Found on page(s): [52]

perfectness - perfectness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being perfect; perfection.
Found on page(s): [11]

appear - appear, Definition(s): v. i.: To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.; v. i.: To come before the public; as a great writer appeared at that time.; v. i.: To stand in presence of some authority tribunal or superior person to answer a charge plead a cause or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court or as a person to be tried.; v. i.: To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.; v. i.: To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.; n.: Appearance.
Found on page(s): [49, 55]

sabaoth - sabaoth, Definition(s): n. pl.: Armies; hosts.; n. pl.: Incorrectly the Sabbath.
Found on page(s): [24, 53]

swifter - swifter, Definition(s): n.: A rope used to retain the bars of the capstan in their sockets while men are turning it.; n.: A rope used to encircle a boat longitudinally to strengthen and defend her sides.; n.: The forward shroud of a lower mast.; v. t.: To tighten as slack standing rigging by bringing the opposite shrouds nearer.
Found on page(s): [47]

impart - impart, Definition(s): n.: To bestow a share or portion of; to give grant or communicate; to allow another to partake in; as to impart food to the poor; the sun imparts warmth.; n.: To obtain a share of; to partake of.; n.: To communicate the knowledge of; to make known; to show by words or tokens; to tell; to disclose.; v. i.: To give a part or share.; v. i.: To hold a conference or consultation.
Found on page(s): [1]

worldly - worldly, Definition(s): a.: Relating to the world; human; common; as worldly maxims; worldly actions.; a.: Pertaining to this world or life in contradistinction from the life to come; secular; temporal; devoted to this life and its enjoyments; bent on gain; as worldly pleasures affections honor lusts men.; a.: Lay as opposed to clerical.; adv.: With relation to this life; in a worldly manner.
Found on page(s): [2]

fish - fish, Definition(s): n.: A counter used in various games.; n.: A name loosely applied in popular usage to many animals of diverse characteristics living in the water.; n.: An oviparous vertebrate animal usually having fins and a covering scales or plates. It breathes by means of gills and lives almost entirely in the water. See Pisces.; n.: The twelfth sign of the zodiac; Pisces.; n.: The flesh of fish used as food.; n.: A purchase used to fish the anchor.; n.: A piece of timber somewhat in the form of a fish used to strengthen a mast or yard.; v. i.: To attempt to catch fish; to be employed in taking fish by any means as by angling or drawing a net.; v. i.: To seek to obtain by artifice or indirectly to seek to draw forth; as to fish for compliments.; v. t.: To catch; to draw out or up; as to fish up an anchor.; v. t.: To search by raking or sweeping.; v. t.: To try with a fishing rod; to catch fish in; as to fish a stream.; v. t.: To strengthen (a beam mast etc.) or unite end to end (two timbers railroad rails etc.) by bolting a plank timber or plate to the beam mast or timbers lengthwise on one or both sides. See Fish joint under Fish n.
Found on page(s): [19]

household - household, Definition(s): n.: Those who dwell under the same roof and compose a family.; n.: A line of ancestory; a race or house.; a.: Belonging to the house and family; domestic; as household furniture; household affairs.
Found on page(s): [31]

glide - glide, Definition(s): n.: The glede or kite.; v. i.: To move gently and smoothly; to pass along without noise violence or apparent effort; to pass rapidly and easily or with a smooth silent motion as a river in its channel a bird in the air a skater over ice.; v. i.: To pass with a glide as the voice.; n.: The act or manner of moving smoothly swiftly and without labor or obstruction.; n.: A transitional sound in speech which is produced by the changing of the mouth organs from one definite position to another and with gradual change in the most frequent cases; as in passing from the begining to the end of a regular diphthong or from vowel to consonant or consonant to vowel in a syllable or from one component to the other of a double or diphthongal consonant (see Guide to Pronunciation // 19 161 162). Also (by Bell and others) the vanish (or brief final element) or the brief initial element in a class of diphthongal vowels or the brief final or initial part of some consonants (see Guide to Pronunciation // 18 97 191).
Found on page(s): [21]

aliment - aliment, Definition(s): n.: That which nourishes; food; nutriment; anything which feeds or adds to a substance in natural growth. Hence: The necessaries of life generally: sustenance; means of support.; n.: An allowance for maintenance.; v. t.: To nourish; to support.; v. t.: To provide for the maintenance of.
Found on page(s): [17]

handmaid - handmaid, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [43]

treat - treat, Definition(s): v. t.: To handle; to manage; to use; to bear one's self toward; as to treat prisoners cruelly; to treat children kindly.; v. t.: To discourse on; to handle in a particular manner in writing or speaking; as to treat a subject diffusely.; v. t.: To entertain with food or drink especially the latter as a compliment or as an expression of friendship or regard; as to treat the whole company.; v. t.: To negotiate; to settle; to make terms for.; v. t.: To care for medicinally or surgically; to manage in the use of remedies or appliances; as to treat a disease a wound or a patient.; v. t.: To subject to some action; to apply something to; as to treat a substance with sulphuric acid.; v. t.: To entreat; to beseech.; v. i.: To discourse; to handle a subject in writing or speaking; to make discussion; -- usually with of; as Cicero treats of old age and of duties.; v. i.: To negotiate; to come to terms of accommodation; -- often followed by with; as envoys were appointed to treat with France.; v. i.: To give a gratuitous entertainment esp. of food or drink as a compliment.; n.: A parley; a conference.; n.: An entertainment given as an expression of regard.; n.: That which affords entertainment; a gratification; a satisfaction; as the concert was a rich treat.
Found on page(s): [13]

wholly - wholly, Definition(s): adv.: In a whole or complete manner; entirely; completely; perfectly.; adv.: To the exclusion of other things; totally; fully.
Found on page(s): [14, 20, 25, 45]

instinct - instinct, Definition(s): a.: Urged or stimulated from within; naturally moved or impelled; imbued; animated; alive; quick; as birds instinct with life.; a.: Natural inward impulse; unconscious involuntary or unreasoning prompting to any mode of action whether bodily or mental without a distinct apprehension of the end or object to be accomplished.; a.: Specif. the natural unreasoning impulse by which an animal is guided to the performance of any action without of improvement in the method.; a.: A natural aptitude or knack; a predilection; as an instinct for order; to be modest by instinct.; v. t.: To impress as an animating power or instinct.
Found on page(s): [4]

rapid - rapid, Definition(s): a.: Very swift or quick; moving with celerity; fast; as a rapid stream; a rapid flight; a rapid motion.; a.: Advancing with haste or speed; speedy in progression; in quick sequence; as rapid growth; rapid improvement; rapid recurrence; rapid succession.; a.: Quick in execution; as a rapid penman.; a.: The part of a river where the current moves with great swiftness but without actual waterfall or cascade; -- usually in the plural; as the Lachine rapids in the St. Lawrence.
Found on page(s): [28, 53]

numbers - numbers, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Number. The fourth book of the Pentateuch containing the census of the Hebrews.
Found on page(s): [55]

consign - consign, Definition(s): v. t.: To give transfer or deliver in a formal manner as if by signing over into the possession of another or into a different state with the sense of fixedness in that state or permanence of possession; as to consign the body to the grave.; v. t.: To give in charge; to commit; to intrust.; v. t.: To send or address (by bill of lading or otherwise) to an agent or correspondent in another place to be cared for or sold or for the use of such correspondent; as to consign a cargo or a ship; to consign goods.; v. t.: To assign; to devote; to set apart.; v. t.: To stamp or impress; to affect.; v. i.: To submit; to surrender or yield one's self.; v. i.: To yield consent; to agree; to acquiesce.
Found on page(s): [21]

mainly - mainly, Definition(s): adv.: Very strongly; mightily; to a great degree.; adv.: Principally; chiefly.
Found on page(s): [18]

tread - tread, Definition(s): v. i.: To set the foot; to step.; v. i.: To walk or go; especially to walk with a stately or a cautious step.; v. i.: To copulate; said of birds esp. the males.; v. t.: To step or walk on.; v. t.: To beat or press with the feet; as to tread a path; to tread land when too light; a well-trodden path.; v. t.: To go through or accomplish by walking dancing or the like.; v. t.: To crush under the foot; to trample in contempt or hatred; to subdue.; v. t.: To copulate with; to feather; to cover; -- said of the male bird.; n.: A step or stepping; pressure with the foot; a footstep; as a nimble tread; a cautious tread.; n.: Manner or style of stepping; action; gait; as the horse has a good tread.; n.: Way; track; path.; n.: The act of copulation in birds.; n.: The upper horizontal part of a step on which the foot is placed.; n.: The top of the banquette on which soldiers stand to fire over the parapet.; n.: The part of a wheel that bears upon the road or rail.; n.: The part of a rail upon which car wheels bear.; n.: The chalaza of a bird's egg; the treadle.; n.: A bruise or abrasion produced on the foot or ankle of a horse that interferes. See Interfere 3.
Found on page(s): [51]

leaves - leaves, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Leaf.
Found on page(s): [1, 7, 18, 44, 55]

barn - barn, Definition(s): n.: A covered building used chiefly for storing grain hay and other productions of a farm. In the United States a part of the barn is often used for stables.; v. t.: To lay up in a barn.; n.: A child. [Obs.] See Bairn.
Found on page(s): [46]

bark - bark, Definition(s): v. t.: To strip the bark from; to peel.; v. t.: To abrade or rub off any outer covering from; as to bark one's heel.; v. t.: To girdle. See Girdle v. t. 3.; v. t.: To cover or inclose with bark or as with bark; as to bark the roof of a hut.; v. i.: To make a short loud explosive noise with the vocal organs; -- said of some animals but especially of dogs.; v. i.: To make a clamor; to make importunate outcries.; n.: The short loud explosive sound uttered by a dog; a similar sound made by some other animals.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [5, 30, 42, 50]

greedy - greedy, Definition(s): superl.: Having a keen appetite for food or drink; ravenous; voracious; very hungry; -- followed by of; as a lion that is greedy of his prey.; superl.: Having a keen desire for anything; vehemently desirous; eager to obtain; avaricious; as greedy of gain.
Found on page(s): [30]

exactness - exactness, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being exact; accuracy; nicety; precision; regularity; as exactness of jurgement or deportment.; n.: Careful observance of method and conformity to truth; as exactness in accounts or business.
Found on page(s): [48]

glimmer - glimmer, Definition(s): v. i.: To give feeble or scattered rays of light; to shine faintly; to show a faint unsteady light; as the glimmering dawn; a glimmering lamp.; n.: A faint unsteady light; feeble scattered rays of light; also a gleam.; n.: Mica. See Mica.
Found on page(s): [52]

bare - bare, Definition(s): a.: Without clothes or covering; stripped of the usual covering; naked; as his body is bare; the trees are bare.; a.: With head uncovered; bareheaded.; a.: Without anything to cover up or conceal one's thoughts or actions; open to view; exposed.; a.: Plain; simple; unadorned; without polish; bald; meager.; a.: Destitute; indigent; empty; unfurnished or scantily furnished; -- used with of (rarely with in) before the thing wanting or taken away; as a room bare of furniture.; a.: Threadbare; much worn.; a.: Mere; alone; unaccompanied by anything else; as a bare majority.; n.: Surface; body; substance.; n.: That part of a roofing slate shingle tile or metal plate which is exposed to the weather.; a.: To strip off the covering of; to make bare; as to bare the breast.; : Bore; the old preterit of Bear v.; : of Bear.
Found on page(s): [29, 41]

bard - bard, Definition(s): n.: A professional poet and singer as among the ancient Celts whose occupation was to compose and sing verses in honor of the heroic achievements of princes and brave men.; n.: Hence: A poet; as the bard of Avon.; n.: Alt.; v. t.: To cover (meat or game) with a thin slice of fat bacon.; n.: The exterior covering of the trunk and branches of a tree; the rind.; n.: Specifically Peruvian bark.
Found on page(s): [2]

admitted - admitted, Definition(s): a.: Received as true or valid; acknowledged.
Found on page(s): [10]

invert - invert, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn over; to put upside down; to upset; to place in a contrary order or direction; to reverse; as to invert a cup the order of words rules of justice etc.; v. t.: To change the position of; -- said of tones which form a chord or parts which compose harmony.; v. t.: To divert; to convert to a wrong use.; v. t.: To convert; to reverse; to decompose by or subject to inversion. See Inversion n. 10.; v. i.: To undergo inversion as sugar.; a.: Subjected to the process of inversion; inverted; converted; as invert sugar.; n.: An inverted arch.
Found on page(s): [46]

felt - felt, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. / a. from Feel.; n.: A cloth or stuff made of matted fibers of wool or wool and fur fulled or wrought into a compact substance by rolling and pressure with lees or size without spinning or weaving.; n.: A hat made of felt.; n.: A skin or hide; a fell; a pelt.; v. t.: To make into felt or a feltike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.; v. t.: To cover with or as with felt; as to felt the cylinder of a steam emgine.
Found on page(s): [3]

wont - wont, Definition(s): a.: Using or doing customarily; accustomed; habituated; used.; n.: Custom; habit; use; usage.; v. i.: To be accustomed or habituated; to be used.; v. t.: To accustom; -- used reflexively.
Found on page(s): [2, 9, 12, 16, 28, 34, 46]

finding - finding, Definition(s): n.: That which is found come upon or provided; esp. (pl.) that which a journeyman artisan finds or provides for himself; as tools trimmings etc.; n.: Support; maintenance; that which is provided for one; expence; provision.; n.: The result of a judicial examination or inquiry especially into some matter of fact; a verdict; as the finding of a jury.
Found on page(s): [32]

thrice - thrice, Definition(s): adv.: Three times.; adv.: In a threefold manner or degree; repeatedly; very.
Found on page(s): [38, 51]

dense - dense, Definition(s): a.: Having the constituent parts massed or crowded together; close; compact; thick; containing much matter in a small space; heavy; opaque; as a dense crowd; a dense forest; a dense fog.; a.: Stupid; gross; crass; as dense ignorance.
Found on page(s): [6, 8]

hunger - hunger, Definition(s): n.: An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food.; n.: Any strong eager desire.; n.: To feel the craving or uneasiness occasioned by want of food; to be oppressed by hunger.; n.: To have an eager desire; to long.; v. t.: To make hungry; to famish.
Found on page(s): [12, 42]

surpassing - surpassing, Definition(s): a.: Eminently excellent; exceeding others.
Found on page(s): [37]

converse - converse, Definition(s): v. i.: To keep company; to hold intimate intercourse; to commune; -- followed by with.; v. i.: To engage in familiar colloquy; to interchange thoughts and opinions in a free informal manner; to chat; -- followed by with before a person; by on about concerning etc. before a thing.; v. i.: To have knowledge of from long intercourse or study; -- said of things.; n.: Frequent intercourse; familiar communion; intimate association.; n.: Familiar discourse; free interchange of thoughts or views; conversation; chat.; a.: Turned about; reversed in order or relation; reciprocal; as a converse proposition.; n.: A proposition which arises from interchanging the terms of another as by putting the predicate for the subject and the subject for the predicate; as no virtue is vice no vice is virtue.; n.: A proposition in which after a conclusion from something supposed has been drawn the order is inverted making the conclusion the supposition or premises what was first supposed becoming now the conclusion or inference. Thus if two sides of a sides of a triangle are equal the angles opposite the sides are equal; and the converse is true i.e. if these angles are equal the two sides are equal.
Found on page(s): [10]

gospel - gospel, Definition(s): v.: Glad tidings; especially the good news concerning Christ the Kingdom of God and salvation.; v.: One of the four narratives of the life and death of Jesus Christ written by Matthew Mark Luke and John.; v.: A selection from one of the gospels for use in a religious service; as the gospel for the day.; v.: Any system of religious doctrine; sometimes any system of political doctrine or social philosophy; as this political gospel.; v.: Anything propounded or accepted as infallibly true; as they took his words for gospel.; a.: Accordant with or relating to the gospel; evangelical; as gospel righteousness.; v. t.: To instruct in the gospel.
Found on page(s): [35]

saintly - saintly, Definition(s): superl.: Like a saint; becoming a holy person.
Found on page(s): [12, 17, 20, 32, 38, 39, 47, 51]

delusion - delusion, Definition(s): n.: The act of deluding; deception; a misleading of the mind.; n.: The state of being deluded or misled.; n.: That which is falsely or delusively believed or propagated; false belief; error in belief.
Found on page(s): [9]

befall - befall, Definition(s): v. t.: To happen to.; v. i.: To come to pass; to happen.
Found on page(s): [11, 32]

lore - lore, Definition(s): n.: The space between the eye and bill in birds and the corresponding region in reptiles and fishes.; n.: The anterior portion of the cheeks of insects.; obs. imp. & p. p.: Lost.; v. t.: That which is or may be learned or known; the knowledge gained from tradition books or experience; often the whole body of knowledge possessed by a people or class of people or pertaining to a particular subject; as the lore of the Egyptians; priestly lore; legal lore; folklore.; v. t.: That which is taught; hence instruction; wisdom; advice; counsel.; v. t.: Workmanship.
Found on page(s): [39, 46]

lord - lord, Definition(s): n.: A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.; n.: One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor as of a manor.; n.: A titled nobleman. whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense a boron as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.; n.: A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also for honor on certain official persons; as lord advocate lord chamberlain lord chancellor lord chief justice etc.; n.: A husband.; n.: One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.; n.: The Supreme Being; Jehovah.; n.: The Savior; Jesus Christ.; v. t.: To invest with the dignity power and privileges of a lord.; v. t.: To rule or preside over as a lord.; v. i.: To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Found on page(s): [29]

father - father, Definition(s): n.: One who has begotten a child whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.; n.: A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural fathers ancestors.; n.: One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance affetionate care counsel or protection.; n.: A respectful mode of address to an old man.; n.: A senator of ancient Rome.; n.: A dignitary of the church a superior of a convent a confessor (called also father confessor) or a priest; also the eldest member of a profession or of a legislative assembly etc.; n.: One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as the Latin Greek or apostolic Fathers.; n.: One who or that which gives origin; an originator; a producer author or contriver; the first to practice any art profession or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.; n.: The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology the first person in the Trinity.; v. t.: To make one's self the father of; to beget.; v. t.: To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement policy etc.).; v. t.: To provide with a father.
Found on page(s): [31, 41, 45, 49]

proper - proper, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to one; one's own; individual.; a.: Belonging to the natural or essential constitution; peculiar; not common; particular; as every animal has his proper instincts and appetites.; a.: Befitting one's nature qualities etc.; suitable in all respect; appropriate; right; fit; decent; as water is the proper element for fish; a proper dress.; a.: Becoming in appearance; well formed; handsome.; a.: Pertaining to one of a species but not common to the whole; not appellative; -- opposed to common; as a proper name; Dublin is the proper name of a city.; a.: Rightly so called; strictly considered; as Greece proper; the garden proper.; a.: Represented in its natural color; -- said of any object used as a charge.; adv.: Properly; hence to a great degree; very; as proper good.
Found on page(s): [3, 20, 32, 52]

rule - rule, Definition(s): a.: That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket.; a.: Uniform or established course of things.; a.: Systematic method or practice; as my ule is to rise at six o'clock.; a.: Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things; as it is a rule to which there are many exeptions.; a.: Conduct in general; behavior.; a.: The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control.; a.: An order regulating the practice of the courts or an order made between parties to an action or a suit.; a.: A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result; as a rule for extracting the cube root.; a.: A straight strip of wood metal or the like which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler.; a.: A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood ivory metal or the like which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch and jointed so that it may be folded compactly.; a.: A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type and used for printing lines as between columns on the same page or in tabular work.; a.: A composing rule. See under Conposing.; n.: To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage.; n.: To control or direct by influence counsel or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive.; n.: To establish or settle by or as by a rule; to fix by universal or general consent or by common practice.; n.: To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court.; n.: To mark with lines made with a pen pencil etc. guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result; as to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book.; v. i.: To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over.; v. i.: To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule.; v. i.: To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general or as a rule; as prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before.
Found on page(s): [21, 29, 40, 46]

seine - seine, Definition(s): n.: A large net one edge of which is provided with sinkers and the other with floats. It hangs vertically in the water and when its ends are brought together or drawn ashore incloses the fish.
Found on page(s): [21]

beast - beast, Definition(s): n.: Any living creature; an animal; -- including man insects etc.; n.: Any four-footed animal that may be used for labor food or sport; as a beast of burden.; n.: As opposed to man: Any irrational animal.; n.: Fig.: A coarse brutal filthy or degraded fellow.; n.: A game at cards similar to loo.; n.: A penalty at beast omber etc. Hence: To be beasted to be beaten at beast omber etc.
Found on page(s): [16]

bitter - bitter, Definition(s): n.: AA turn of the cable which is round the bitts.; v. t.: Having a peculiar acrid biting taste like that of wormwood or an infusion of hops; as a bitter medicine; bitter as aloes.; v. t.: Causing pain or smart; piercing; painful; sharp; severe; as a bitter cold day.; v. t.: Causing or fitted to cause pain or distress to the mind; calamitous; poignant.; v. t.: Characterized by sharpness severity or cruelty; harsh; stern; virulent; as bitter reproach.; v. t.: Mournful; sad; distressing; painful; pitiable.; n.: Any substance that is bitter. See Bitters.; v. t.: To make bitter.
Found on page(s): [30]

themselves - themselves, Definition(s): pron.: The plural of himself herself and itself. See Himself Herself Itself.
Found on page(s): [3, 37, 47, 52]

gulf - gulf, Definition(s): n.: That which swallows; the gullet.; n.: That which swallows irretrievably; a whirlpool; a sucking eddy.; n.: A portion of an ocean or sea extending into the land; a partially land-locked sea; as the Gulf of Mexico.; n.: A large deposit of ore in a lode.
Found on page(s): [30]

wonder - wonder, Definition(s): n.: That emotion which is excited by novelty or the presentation to the sight or mind of something new unusual strange great extraordinary or not well understood; surprise; astonishment; admiration; amazement.; n.: A cause of wonder; that which excites surprise; a strange thing; a prodigy; a miracle.; v. i.: To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel.; v. i.: To feel doubt and curiosity; to wait with uncertain expectation; to query in the mind; as he wondered why they came.; a.: Wonderful.; adv.: Wonderfully.
Found on page(s): [4, 9, 22, 25, 36, 41]

apply - apply, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay or place; to put or adjust (one thing to another); -- with to; as to apply the hand to the breast; to apply medicaments to a diseased part of the body.; v. t.: To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose or in a particular case; to appropriate; to devote; as to apply money to the payment of a debt.; v. t.: To make use of declare or pronounce as suitable fitting or relative; as to apply the testimony to the case; to apply an epithet to a person.; v. t.: To fix closely; to engage and employ diligently or with attention; to attach; to incline.; v. t.: To direct or address.; v. t.: To betake; to address; to refer; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To busy; to keep at work; to ply.; v. t.: To visit.; v. i.: To suit; to agree; to have some connection agreement or analogy; as this argument applies well to the case.; v. i.: To make request; to have recourse with a view to gain something; to make application. (to); to solicit; as to apply to a friend for information.; v. i.: To ply; to move.; v. i.: To apply or address one's self; to give application; to attend closely (to).
Found on page(s): [12]

mars - mars, Definition(s): n.: The god of war and husbandry.; n.: One of the planets of the solar system the fourth in order from the sun or the next beyond the earth having a diameter of about 4200 miles a period of 687 days and a mean distance of 141000000 miles. It is conspicuous for the redness of its light.; n.: The metallic element iron the symbol of which / was the same as that of the planet Mars.
Found on page(s): [14, 31, 53]

mary - mary, Definition(s): n.: Marrow.; interj.: See Marry.
Found on page(s): [41, 51]

commend - commend, Definition(s): v. t.: To commit intrust or give in charge for care or preservation.; v. t.: To recommend as worthy of confidence or regard; to present as worthy of notice or favorable attention.; v. t.: To mention with approbation; to praise; as to commend a person or an act.; v. t.: To mention by way of courtesy implying remembrance and good will.; n.: Commendation; praise.; n.: Compliments; greetings.
Found on page(s): [49]

indeed - indeed, Definition(s): adv.: In reality; in truth; in fact; verily; truly; -- used in a variety of sense. Esp.: (a) Denoting emphasis; as indeed it is so. (b) Denoting concession or admission; as indeed you are right. (c) Denoting surprise; as indeed is it you? Its meaning is not intrinsic or fixed but depends largely on the form of expression which it accompanies.
Found on page(s): [27, 45]

ethereal - ethereal, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the hypothetical upper purer air or to the higher regions beyond the earth or beyond the atmosphere; celestial; as ethereal space; ethereal regions.; a.: Consisting of ether; hence exceedingly light or airy; tenuous; spiritlike; characterized by extreme delicacy as form manner thought etc.; a.: Pertaining to derived from or resembling ether; as ethereal salts.
Found on page(s): [47]

riches - riches, Definition(s): a.: That which makes one rich; an abundance of land goods money or other property; wealth; opulence; affluence.; a.: That which appears rich sumptuous precious or the like.
Found on page(s): [41]

venerable - venerable, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being venerated; worthy of veneration or reverence; deserving of honor and respect; -- generally implying an advanced age; as a venerable magistrate; a venerable parent.; a.: Rendered sacred by religious or other associations; that should be regarded with awe and treated with reverence; as the venerable walls of a temple or a church.
Found on page(s): [41, 53]

transcend - transcend, Definition(s): v. t.: To rise above; to surmount; as lights in the heavens transcending the region of the clouds.; v. t.: To pass over; to go beyond; to exceed.; v. t.: To surpass; to outgo; to excel; to exceed.; v. i.: To climb; to mount.; v. i.: To be transcendent; to excel.
Found on page(s): [6]

forever - forever, Definition(s): adv.: Through eternity; through endless ages eternally.; adv.: At all times; always.
Found on page(s): [54]

oblique - oblique, Definition(s): a.: Not erect or perpendicular; neither parallel to nor at right angles from the base; slanting; inclined.; a.: Not straightforward; indirect; obscure; hence disingenuous; underhand; perverse; sinister.; a.: Not direct in descent; not following the line of father and son; collateral.; n.: An oblique line.; v. i.: To deviate from a perpendicular line; to move in an oblique direction.; v. i.: To march in a direction oblique to the line of the column or platoon; -- formerly accomplished by oblique steps now by direct steps the men half-facing either to the right or left.
Found on page(s): [36]

arctic - arctic, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to or situated under the northern constellation called the Bear; northern; frigid; as the arctic pole circle region ocean; an arctic expedition night temperature.; n.: The arctic circle.; n.: A warm waterproof overshoe.
Found on page(s): [5]

reasoning - reasoning, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of adducing a reason or reasons; manner of presenting one's reasons.; n.: That which is offered in argument; proofs or reasons when arranged and developed; course of argument.
Found on page(s): [7]

fair - fair, Definition(s): superl.: Free from spots specks dirt or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure.; superl.: Pleasing to the eye; handsome; beautiful.; superl.: Without a dark hue; light; clear; as a fair skin.; superl.: Not overcast; cloudless; clear; pleasant; propitious; favorable; -- said of the sky weather or wind etc.; as a fair sky; a fair day.; superl.: Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unincumbered; open; direct; -- said of a road passage etc.; as a fair mark; in fair sight; a fair view.; superl.: Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; fowing; -- said of the figure of a vessel and of surfaces water lines and other lines.; superl.: Characterized by frankness honesty impartiality or candor; open; upright; free from suspicion or bias; equitable; just; -- said of persons character or conduct; as a fair man; fair dealing; a fair statement.; superl.: Pleasing; favorable; inspiring hope and confidence; -- said of words promises etc.; superl.: Distinct; legible; as fair handwriting.; superl.: Free from any marked characteristic; average; middling; as a fair specimen.; adv.: Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably.; n.: Fairness beauty.; n.: A fair woman; a sweetheart.; n.: Good fortune; good luck.; v. t.: To make fair or beautiful.; v. t.: To make smooth and flowing as a vessel's lines.; n.: A gathering of buyers and sellers assembled at a particular place with their merchandise at a stated or regular season or by special appointment for trade.; n.: A festival and sale of fancy articles. erc. usually for some charitable object; as a Grand Army fair.; n.: A competitive exhibition of wares farm products etc. not primarily for purposes of sale; as the Mechanics' fair; an agricultural fair.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 9, 10, 12, 13, 23, 28, 29, 32, 38, 47, 52]

fain - fain, Definition(s): a.: Well-pleased; glad; apt; wont; fond; inclined.; a.: Satisfied; contented; also constrained.; adv.: With joy; gladly; -- with wold.; v. t. & i.: To be glad ; to wish or desire.
Found on page(s): [16, 26, 38]

consist - consist, Definition(s): v. i.: To stand firm; to be in a fixed or permanent state as a body composed of parts in union or connection; to hold together; to be; to exist; to subsist; to be supported and maintained.; v. i.: To be composed or made up; -- followed by of.; v. i.: To have as its substance or character or as its foundation; to be; -- followed by in.; v. i.: To be consistent or harmonious; to be in accordance; -- formerly used absolutely now followed by with.; v. i.: To insist; -- followed by on.
Found on page(s): [49]

charitable - charitable, Definition(s): a.: Full of love and good will; benevolent; kind.; a.: Liberal in judging of others; disposed to look on the best side and to avoid harsh judgment.; a.: Liberal in benefactions to the poor; giving freely; generous; beneficent.; a.: Of or pertaining to charity; springing from or intended for charity; relating to almsgiving; eleemosynary; as a charitable institution.; a.: Dictated by kindness; favorable; lenient.
Found on page(s): [17]

relate - relate, Definition(s): v. t.: To bring back; to restore.; v. t.: To refer; to ascribe as to a source.; v. t.: To recount; to narrate; to tell over.; v. t.: To ally by connection or kindred.; v. i.: To stand in some relation; to have bearing or concern; to pertain; to refer; -- with to.; v. i.: To make reference; to take account.
Found on page(s): [1]

lost - lost, Definition(s): v. t.: Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as a lost book or sheep.; v. t.: Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as a lost limb; lost honor.; v. t.: Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.; v. t.: Having wandered from or unable to find the way; bewildered; perplexed; as a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.; v. t.: Ruined or destroyed either physically or morally; past help or hope; as a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.; v. t.: Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.; v. t.: Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.; v. t.: Occupied with or under the influence of something so as to be insensible of external things; as to be lost in thought.
Found on page(s): [12, 26, 36, 54]

fickle - fickle, Definition(s): a.: Not fixed or firm; liable to change; unstable; of a changeable mind; not firm in opinion or purpose; inconstant; capricious; as Fortune's fickle wheel.
Found on page(s): [18]

van - van, Definition(s): n.: The front of an army; the first line or leading column; also the front line or foremost division of a fleet either in sailing or in battle.; n.: A shovel used in cleansing ore.; v. t.: To wash or cleanse as a small portion of ore on a shovel.; n.: A light wagon either covered or open used by tradesmen and others fore the transportation of goods.; n.: A large covered wagon for moving furniture etc. also for conveying wild beasts etc. for exhibition.; n.: A close railway car for baggage. See the Note under Car 2.; n.: A fan or other contrivance as a sieve for winnowing grain.; n.: A wing with which the air is beaten.; v. t.: To fan or to cleanse by fanning; to winnow.
Found on page(s): [28]

arise - arise, Definition(s): v. i.: To come up from a lower to a higher position; to come above the horizon; to come up from one's bed or place of repose; to mount; to ascend; to rise; as to arise from a kneeling posture; a cloud arose; the sun ariseth; he arose early in the morning.; v. i.: To spring up; to come into action being or notice; to become operative sensible or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself; as the waves of the sea arose; a persecution arose; the wrath of the king shall arise.; v. i.: To proceed; to issue; to spring.; n.: Rising.
Found on page(s): [53]

lose - lose, Definition(s): v. t.: To part with unintentionally or unwillingly as by accident misfortune negligence penalty forfeit etc.; to be deprived of; as to lose money from one's purse or pocket or in business or gaming; to lose an arm or a leg by amputation; to lose men in battle.; v. t.: To cease to have; to possess no longer; to suffer diminution of; as to lose one's relish for anything; to lose one's health.; v. t.: Not to employ; to employ ineffectually; to throw away; to waste; to squander; as to lose a day; to lose the benefits of instruction.; v. t.: To wander from; to miss so as not to be able to and; to go astray from; as to lose one's way.; v. t.: To ruin; to destroy; as destroy; as the ship was lost on the ledge.; v. t.: To be deprived of the view of; to cease to see or know the whereabouts of; as he lost his companion in the crowd.; v. t.: To fail to obtain or enjoy; to fail to gain or win; hence to fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss; as I lost a part of what he said.; v. t.: To cause to part with; to deprive of.; v. t.: To prevent from gaining or obtaining.; v. i.: To suffer loss disadvantage or defeat; to be worse off esp. as the result of any kind of contest.
Found on page(s): [15]

imagination - imagination, Definition(s): n.: The imagine-making power of the mind; the power to create or reproduce ideally an object of sense previously perceived; the power to call up mental imagines.; n.: The representative power; the power to reconstruct or recombine the materials furnished by direct apprehension; the complex faculty usually termed the plastic or creative power; the fancy.; n.: The power to recombine the materials furnished by experience or memory for the accomplishment of an elevated purpose; the power of conceiving and expressing the ideal.; n.: A mental image formed by the action of the imagination as a faculty; a conception; a notion.
Found on page(s): [3]

resistance - resistance, Definition(s): n.: The act of resisting; opposition passive or active.; n.: The quality of not yielding to force or external pressure; that power of a body which acts in opposition to the impulse or pressure of another or which prevents the effect of another power; as the resistance of the air to a body passing through it; the resistance of a target to projectiles.; n.: A means or method of resisting; that which resists.; n.: A certain hindrance or opposition to the passage of an electrical current or discharge offered by conducting bodies. It bears an inverse relation to the conductivity -- good conductors having a small resistance while poor conductors or insulators have a very high resistance. The unit of resistance is the ohm.
Found on page(s): [45]

fail - fail, Definition(s): v. i.: To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as streams fail; crops fail.; v. i.: To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of.; v. i.: To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.; v. i.: To deteriorate in respect to vigor activity resources etc.; to become weaker; as a sick man fails.; v. i.: To perish; to die; -- used of a person.; v. i.: To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed a result to be secured etc.; to miss; not to fulfill expectation.; v. i.: To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated.; v. i.: To err in judgment; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.; v. t.: To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert.; v. t.: To miss of attaining; to lose.; v. i.: Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing except in the phrase without fail.; v. i.: Death; decease.
Found on page(s): [26, 31, 36, 37, 53]

toward - toward, Definition(s): prep.: Alt.; adv.: Alt.; prep.: Approaching; coming near.; prep.: Readly to do or learn; compliant with duty; not froward; apt; docile; tractable; as a toward youth.; prep.: Ready to act; forward; bold; valiant.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 7, 19, 32, 55]

itself - itself, Definition(s): pron.: The neuter reciprocal pronoun of It; as the thing is good in itself; it stands by itself.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 13, 18, 25, 27, 37, 48, 54]

providence - providence, Definition(s): n.: The act of providing or preparing for future use or application; a making ready; preparation.; n.: Foresight; care; especially the foresight and care which God manifests for his creatures; hence God himself regarded as exercising a constant wise prescience.; n.: A manifestation of the care and superintendence which God exercises over his creatures; an event ordained by divine direction.; n.: Prudence in the management of one's concerns; economy; frugality.
Found on page(s): [4, 30, 31, 35, 40]

pride - pride, Definition(s): n.: A small European lamprey (Petromyzon branchialis); -- called also prid and sandpiper.; n.: The quality or state of being proud; inordinate self-esteem; an unreasonable conceit of one's own superiority in talents beauty wealth rank etc. which manifests itself in lofty airs distance reserve and often in contempt of others.; n.: A sense of one's own worth and abhorrence of what is beneath or unworthy of one; lofty self-respect; noble self-esteem; elevation of character; dignified bearing; proud delight; -- in a good sense.; n.: Proud or disdainful behavior or treatment; insolence or arrogance of demeanor; haughty bearing and conduct; insolent exultation; disdain.; n.: That of which one is proud; that which excites boasting or self-gratulation; the occasion or ground of self-esteem or of arrogant and presumptuous confidence as beauty ornament noble character children etc.; n.: Show; ostentation; glory.; n.: Highest pitch; elevation reached; loftiness; prime; glory; as to be in the pride of one's life.; n.: Consciousness of power; fullness of animal spirits; mettle; wantonness; hence lust; sexual desire; esp. an excitement of sexual appetite in a female beast.; v. t.: To indulge in pride or self-esteem; to rate highly; to plume; -- used reflexively.; v. i.: To be proud; to glory.
Found on page(s): [21]

beamy - beamy, Definition(s): a.: Emitting beams of light; radiant; shining.; a.: Resembling a beam in size and weight; massy.; a.: Having horns or antlers.
Found on page(s): [54]

flock - flock, Definition(s): n.: A company or collection of living creatures; -- especially applied to sheep and birds rarely to persons or (except in the plural) to cattle and other large animals; as a flock of ravenous fowl.; n.: A Christian church or congregation; considered in their relation to the pastor or minister in charge.; v. i.: To gather in companies or crowds.; v. t.: To flock to; to crowd.; n.: A lock of wool or hair.; n.: Woolen or cotton refuse (sing. / pl.) old rags etc. reduced to a degree of fineness by machinery and used for stuffing unpholstered furniture.; sing. / pl.: Very fine sifted woolen refuse especially that from shearing the nap of cloths used as a coating for wall paper to give it a velvety or clothlike appearance; also the dust of vegetable fiber used for a similar purpose.; v. t.: To coat with flock as wall paper; to roughen the surface of (as glass) so as to give an appearance of being covered with fine flock.
Found on page(s): [38, 42]

steep - steep, Definition(s): a.: Bright; glittering; fiery.; v. t.: To soak in a liquid; to macerate; to extract the essence of by soaking; as to soften seed by steeping it in water. Often used figuratively.; v. i.: To undergo the process of soaking in a liquid; as the tea is steeping.; n.: Something steeped or used in steeping; a fertilizing liquid to hasten the germination of seeds.; n.: A rennet bag.; v. t.: Making a large angle with the plane of the horizon; ascending or descending rapidly with respect to a horizontal line or a level; precipitous; as a steep hill or mountain; a steep roof; a steep ascent; a steep declivity; a steep barometric gradient.; v. t.: Difficult of access; not easy reached; lofty; elevated; high.; v. t.: Excessive; as a steep price.; n.: A precipitous place hill mountain rock or ascent; any elevated object sloping with a large angle to the plane of the horizon; a precipice.
Found on page(s): [1]

tongue - tongue, Definition(s): n.: an organ situated in the floor of the mouth of most vertebrates and connected with the hyoid arch.; n.: The power of articulate utterance; speech.; n.: Discourse; fluency of speech or expression.; n.: Honorable discourse; eulogy.; n.: A language; the whole sum of words used by a particular nation; as the English tongue.; n.: Speech; words or declarations only; -- opposed to thoughts or actions.; n.: A people having a distinct language.; n.: The lingual ribbon or odontophore of a mollusk.; n.: The proboscis of a moth or a butterfly.; n.: The lingua of an insect.; n.: Any small sole.; n.: That which is considered as resembing an animal's tongue in position or form.; n.: A projection or slender appendage or fixture; as the tongue of a buckle or of a balance.; n.: A projection on the side as of a board which fits into a groove.; n.: A point or long narrow strip of land projecting from the mainland into a sea or a lake.; n.: The pole of a vehicle; especially the pole of an ox cart to the end of which the oxen are yoked.; n.: The clapper of a bell.; n.: A short piece of rope spliced into the upper part of standing backstays etc.; also. the upper main piece of a mast composed of several pieces.; n.: Same as Reed n. 5.; v. t.: To speak; to utter.; v. t.: To chide; to scold.; v. t.: To modulate or modify with the tongue as notes in playing the flute and some other wind instruments.; v. t.: To join means of a tongue and grove; as to tongue boards together.; v. i.: To talk; to prate.; v. i.: To use the tongue in forming the notes as in playing the flute and some other wind instruments.
Found on page(s): [21, 52]

signature - signature, Definition(s): v. t.: A sign stamp or mark impressed as by a seal.; v. t.: Especially the name of any person written with his own hand employed to signify that the writing which precedes accords with his wishes or intentions; a sign manual; an autograph.; v. t.: An outward mark by which internal characteristics were supposed to be indicated.; v. t.: A resemblance between the external characters of a disease and those of some physical agent for instance that existing between the red skin of scarlet fever and a red cloth; -- supposed to indicate this agent in the treatment of the disease.; v. t.: The designation of the key (when not C major or its relative A minor) by means of one or more sharps or flats at the beginning of the staff immediately after the clef affecting all notes of the same letter throughout the piece or movement. Each minor key has the same signature as its relative major.; v. t.: A letter or figure placed at the bottom of the first page of each sheet of a book or pamphlet as a direction to the binder in arranging and folding the sheets.; v. t.: The printed sheet so marked or the form from which it is printed; as to reprint one or more signatures.; v. t.: That part of a prescription which contains the directions to the patient. It is usually prefaced by S or Sig. (an abbreviation for the Latin signa imperative of signare to sign or mark).; v. t.: To mark with or as with a signature or signatures.
Found on page(s): [26]

inmost - inmost, Definition(s): a.: Deepest within; farthest from the surface or external part; innermost.
Found on page(s): [32]

architect - architect, Definition(s): n.: A person skilled in the art of building; one who understands architecture or makes it his occupation to form plans and designs of buildings and to superintend the artificers employed.; n.: A contriver designer or maker.
Found on page(s): [36]

forehead - forehead, Definition(s): n.: The front of that part of the head which incloses the brain; that part of the face above the eyes; the brow.; n.: The aspect or countenance; assurance.; n.: The front or fore part of anything.
Found on page(s): [9]

enjoy - enjoy, Definition(s): v. t.: To take pleasure or satisfaction in the possession or experience of; to feel or perceive with pleasure; to be delighted with; as to enjoy the dainties of a feast; to enjoy conversation.; v. t.: To have possess and use with satisfaction; to occupy or have the benefit of as a good or profitable thing or as something desirable; as to enjoy a free constitution and religious liberty.; v. t.: To have sexual intercourse with.; v. i.: To take satisfaction; to live in happiness.
Found on page(s): [36]

foundation - foundation, Definition(s): n.: The act of founding fixing establishing or beginning to erect.; n.: That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; groundwork; basis.; n.: The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall including the base course (see Base course (a) under Base n.) and footing courses; in a frame house the whole substructure of masonry.; n.: A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution and constituting a permanent fund; endowment.; n.: That which is founded or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.
Found on page(s): [32]

ourselves - ourselves, Definition(s): pron.: ; sing. Ourself (/). An emphasized form of the pronoun of the first person plural; -- used as a subject usually with we; also alone in the predicate in the nominative or the objective case.
Found on page(s): [11, 18]

shroud - shroud, Definition(s): n.: That which clothes covers conceals or protects; a garment.; n.: Especially the dress for the dead; a winding sheet.; n.: That which covers or shelters like a shroud.; n.: A covered place used as a retreat or shelter as a cave or den; also a vault or crypt.; n.: The branching top of a tree; foliage.; n.: A set of ropes serving as stays to support the masts. The lower shrouds are secured to the sides of vessels by heavy iron bolts and are passed around the head of the lower masts.; n.: One of the two annular plates at the periphery of a water wheel which form the sides of the buckets; a shroud plate.; n.: To cover with a shroud; especially to inclose in a winding sheet; to dress for the grave.; n.: To cover as with a shroud; to protect completely; to cover so as to conceal; to hide; to veil.; v. i.: To take shelter or harbor.; v. t.: To lop. See Shrood.
Found on page(s): [29]

foreign - foreign, Definition(s): a.: Outside; extraneous; separated; alien; as a foreign country; a foreign government.; a.: Not native or belonging to a certain country; born in or belonging to another country nation sovereignty or locality; as a foreign language; foreign fruits.; a.: Remote; distant; strange; not belonging; not connected; not pertaining or pertient; not appropriate; not harmonious; not agreeable; not congenial; -- with to or from; as foreign to the purpose; foreign to one's nature.; a.: Held at a distance; excluded; exiled.
Found on page(s): [23]

across - across, Definition(s): n.: From side to side; athwart; crosswise or in a direction opposed to the length; quite over; as a bridge laid across a river.; adv.: From side to side; crosswise; as with arms folded across.; adv.: Obliquely; athwart; amiss; awry.
Found on page(s): [50]

amplitude - amplitude, Definition(s): n.: State of being ample; extent of surface or space; largeness of dimensions; size.; n.: Largeness in a figurative sense; breadth; abundance; fullness.; n.: Of extent of capacity or intellectual powers.; n.: Of extent of means or resources.; n.: The arc of the horizon between the true east or west point and the center of the sun or a star at its rising or setting. At the rising the amplitude is eastern or ortive: at the setting it is western occiduous or occasive. It is also northern or southern when north or south of the equator.; n.: The arc of the horizon between the true east or west point and the foot of the vertical circle passing through any star or object.; n.: The horizontal line which measures the distance to which a projectile is thrown; the range.; n.: The extent of a movement measured from the starting point or position of equilibrium; -- applied especially to vibratory movements.; n.: An angle upon which the value of some function depends; -- a term used more especially in connection with elliptic functions.
Found on page(s): [38]

fall - fall, Definition(s): v. t.: To Descend either suddenly or gradually; particularly to descend by the force of gravity; to drop; to sink; as the apple falls; the tide falls; the mercury falls in the barometer.; v. t.: To cease to be erect; to take suddenly a recumbent posture; to become prostrate; to drop; as a child totters and falls; a tree falls; a worshiper falls on his knees.; v. t.: To find a final outlet; to discharge its waters; to empty; -- with into; as the river Rhone falls into the Mediterranean.; v. t.: To become prostrate and dead; to die; especially to die by violence as in battle.; v. t.: To cease to be active or strong; to die away; to lose strength; to subside; to become less intense; as the wind falls.; v. t.: To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; -- said of the young of certain animals.; v. t.: To decline in power glory wealth or importance; to become insignificant; to lose rank or position; to decline in weight value price etc.; to become less; as the falls; stocks fell two points.; v. t.: To be overthrown or captured; to be destroyed.; v. t.: To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice error or sin; to depart from the faith; to apostatize; to sin.; v. t.: To become insnared or embarrassed; to be entrapped; to be worse off than before; asm to fall into error; to fall into difficulties.; v. t.: To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; -- said of the countenance.; v. t.: To sink; to languish; to become feeble or faint; as our spirits rise and fall with our fortunes.; v. t.: To pass somewhat suddenly and passively into a new state of body or mind; to become; as to fall asleep; to fall into a passion; to fall in love; to fall into temptation.; v. t.: To happen; to to come to pass; to light; to befall; to issue; to terminate.; v. t.: To come; to occur; to arrive.; v. t.: To begin with haste ardor or vehemence; to rush or hurry; as they fell to blows.; v. t.: To pass or be transferred by chance lot distribution inheritance or otherwise; as the estate fell to his brother; the kingdom fell into the hands of his rivals.; v. t.: To belong or appertain.; v. t.: To be dropped or uttered carelessly; as an unguarded expression fell from his lips; not a murmur fell from him.; v. t.: To let fall; to drop.; v. t.: To sink; to depress; as to fall the voice.; v. t.: To diminish; to lessen or lower.; v. t.: To bring forth; as to fall lambs.; v. t.: To fell; to cut down; as to fall a tree.; n.: The act of falling; a dropping or descending be the force of gravity; descent; as a fall from a horse or from the yard of ship.; n.: The act of dropping or tumbling from an erect posture; as he was walking on ice and had a fall.; n.: Death; destruction; overthrow; ruin.; n.: Downfall; degradation; loss of greatness or office; termination of greatness power or dominion; ruin; overthrow; as the fall of the Roman empire.; n.: The surrender of a besieged fortress or town ; as the fall of Sebastopol.; n.: Diminution or decrease in price or value; depreciation; as the fall of prices; the fall of rents.; n.: A sinking of tone; cadence; as the fall of the voice at the close of a sentence.; n.: Declivity; the descent of land or a hill; a slope.; n.: Descent of water; a cascade; a cataract; a rush of water down a precipice or steep; -- usually in the plural sometimes in the singular; as the falls of Niagara.; n.: The discharge of a river or current of water into the ocean or into a lake or pond; as the fall of the Po into the Gulf of Venice.; n.: Extent of descent; the distance which anything falls; as the water of a stream has a fall of five feet.; n.: The season when leaves fall from trees; autumn.; n.: That which falls; a falling; as a fall of rain; a heavy fall of snow.; n.: The act of felling or cutting down.; n.: Lapse or declension from innocence or goodness. Specifically: The first apostasy; the act of our first parents in eating the forbidden fruit; also the apostasy of the rebellious angels.; n.: Formerly a kind of ruff or band for the neck; a falling band; a faule.; n.: That part (as one of the ropes) of a tackle to which the power is applied in hoisting.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 9, 50]

blaze - blaze, Definition(s): n.: A stream of gas or vapor emitting light and heat in the process of combustion; a bright flame.; n.: Intense direct light accompanied with heat; as to seek shelter from the blaze of the sun.; n.: A bursting out or active display of any quality; an outburst; a brilliant display.; n.: A white spot on the forehead of a horse.; n.: A spot made on trees by chipping off a piece of the bark usually as a surveyor's mark.; v. i.: To shine with flame; to glow with flame; as the fire blazes.; v. i.: To send forth or reflect glowing or brilliant light; to show a blaze.; v. i.: To be resplendent.; v. t.: To mark (a tree) by chipping off a piece of the bark.; v. t.: To designate by blazing; to mark out as by blazed trees; as to blaze a line or path.; v. i.: To make public far and wide; to make known; to render conspicuous.; v. i.: To blazon.
Found on page(s): [3]

noontide - noontide, Definition(s): n.: The time of noon; midday.
Found on page(s): [53]

mysterious - mysterious, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to mystery; containing a mystery; difficult or impossible to understand; obscure not revealed or explained; enigmatical; incomprehensible.
Found on page(s): [55]

ear - ear, Definition(s): n.: The organ of hearing; the external ear.; n.: The sense of hearing; the perception of sounds; the power of discriminating between different tones; as a nice ear for music; -- in the singular only.; n.: That which resembles in shape or position the ear of an animal; any prominence or projection on an object -- usually one for support or attachment; a lug; a handle; as the ears of a tub a skillet or dish. The ears of a boat are outside kneepieces near the bow. See Illust. of Bell.; n.: Same as Acroterium.; n.: Same as Crossette.; n.: Privilege of being kindly heard; favor; attention.; v. t.: To take in with the ears; to hear.; n.: The spike or head of any cereal (as wheat rye barley Indian corn etc.) containing the kernels.; v. i.: To put forth ears in growing; to form ears as grain; as this corn ears well.; v. t.: To plow or till; to cultivate.
Found on page(s): [3, 47]

plenitude - plenitude, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being full or complete; fullness; completeness; abundance; as the plenitude of space or power.; n.: Animal fullness; repletion; plethora.
Found on page(s): [32]

loud - loud, Definition(s): superl.: Having making or being a strong or great sound; noisy; striking the ear with great force; as a loud cry; loud thunder.; superl.: Clamorous; boisterous.; superl.: Emphatic; impressive; urgent; as a loud call for united effort.; superl.: Ostentatious; likely to attract attention; gaudy; as a loud style of dress; loud colors.; adv.: With loudness; loudly.
Found on page(s): [12, 30, 40, 51]

reward - reward, Definition(s): v. t.: To give in return whether good or evil; -- commonly in a good sense; to requite; to recompense; to repay; to compensate.; n.: Regard; respect; consideration.; n.: That which is given in return for good or evil done or received; esp. that which is offered or given in return for some service or attainment as for excellence in studies for the return of something lost etc.; recompense; requital.; n.: Hence the fruit of one's labor or works.; n.: Compensation or remuneration for services; a sum of money paid or taken for doing or forbearing to do some act.
Found on page(s): [15]

stint - stint, Definition(s): n.: Any one of several species of small sandpipers as the sanderling of Europe and America the dunlin the little stint of India (Tringa minuta) etc. Called also pume.; n.: A phalarope.; v. t.: To restrain within certain limits; to bound; to confine; to restrain; to restrict to a scant allowance.; v. t.: To put an end to; to stop.; v. t.: To assign a certain (i. e. limited) task to (a person) upon the performance of which one is excused from further labor for the day or for a certain time; to stent.; v. t.: To serve successfully; to get with foal; -- said of mares.; v. i.: To stop; to cease.; v. t.: Limit; bound; restraint; extent.; v. t.: Quantity or task assigned; proportion allotted.
Found on page(s): [13]

revisit - revisit, Definition(s): v. t.: To visit again.; v. t.: To revise.
Found on page(s): [5]

aged - aged, Definition(s): a.: Old; having lived long; having lived almost to or beyond the usual time allotted to that species of being; as an aged man; an aged oak.; a.: Belonging to old age.; a.: Having a certain age; at the age of; having lived; as a man aged forty years.
Found on page(s): [23]

sweetness - sweetness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being sweet (in any sense of the adjective); gratefulness to the taste or to the smell; agreeableness.
Found on page(s): [10, 24, 52]

whiteness - whiteness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being white; white color or freedom from darkness or obscurity on the surface.; n.: Want of a sanguineous tinge; paleness; as from terror grief etc.; n.: Freedom from stain or blemish; purity; cleanness.; n.: Nakedness.; n.: A flock of swans.
Found on page(s): [2, 52]

gathering - gathering, Definition(s): n.: The act of collecting or bringing together.; n.: A crowd; an assembly; a congregation.; n.: A charitable contribution; a collection.; n.: A tumor or boil suppurated or maturated; an abscess.; a.: Assembling; collecting; used for gathering or concentrating.
Found on page(s): [46]

degenerate - degenerate, Definition(s): a.: Having become worse than one's kind or one's former state; having declined in worth; having lost in goodness; deteriorated; degraded; unworthy; base; low.; v. i.: To be or grow worse than one's kind or than one was originally; hence to be inferior; to grow poorer meaner or more vicious; to decline in good qualities; to deteriorate.; v. i.: To fall off from the normal quality or the healthy structure of its kind; to become of a lower type.
Found on page(s): [45]

nice - nice, Definition(s): superl.: Foolish; silly; simple; ignorant; also weak; effeminate.; superl.: Of trifling moment; nimportant; trivial.; superl.: Overscrupulous or exacting; hard to please or satisfy; fastidious in small matters.; superl.: Delicate; refined; dainty; pure.; superl.: Apprehending slight differences or delicate distinctions; distinguishing accurately or minutely; carefully discriminating; as a nice taste or judgment.; superl.: Done or made with careful labor; suited to excite admiration on account of exactness; evidencing great skill; exact; fine; finished; as nice proportions nice workmanship a nice application; exactly or fastidiously discriminated; requiring close discrimination; as a nice point of law a nice distinction in philosophy.; superl.: Pleasing; agreeable; gratifying; delightful; good; as a nice party; a nice excursion; a nice person; a nice day; a nice sauce etc.
Found on page(s): [48]

opinion - opinion, Definition(s): n.: That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action.; n.: The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.; n.: Favorable estimation; hence consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.; n.: Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.; n.: The formal decision or expression of views of a judge an umpire a counselor or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.; v. t.: To opine.
Found on page(s): [6, 14, 49]

excel - excel, Definition(s): v. t.: To go beyond or surpass in good qualities or laudable deeds; to outdo or outgo in a good sense.; v. t.: To exceed or go beyond; to surpass.; v. i.: To surpass others in good qualities laudable actions or acquirements; to be distinguished by superiority; as to excel in mathematics or classics.
Found on page(s): [33, 43]

devout - devout, Definition(s): v. t.: Devoted to religion or to religious feelings and duties; absorbed in religious exercises; given to devotion; pious; reverent; religious.; v. t.: Expressing devotion or piety; as eyes devout; sighs devout; a devout posture.; v. t.: Warmly devoted; hearty; sincere; earnest; as devout wishes for one's welfare.; n.: A devotee.; n.: A devotional composition or part of a composition; devotion.
Found on page(s): [6]

appearance - appearance, Definition(s): n.: The act of appearing or coming into sight; the act of becoming visible to the eye; as his sudden appearance surprised me.; n.: A thing seed; a phenomenon; a phase; an apparition; as an appearance in the sky.; n.: Personal presence; exhibition of the person; look; aspect; mien.; n.: Semblance or apparent likeness; external show. pl. Outward signs or circumstances fitted to make a particular impression or to determine the judgment as to the character of a person or a thing an act or a state; as appearances are against him.; n.: The act of appearing in a particular place or in society a company or any proceedings; a coming before the public in a particular character; as a person makes his appearance as an historian an artist or an orator.; n.: Probability; likelihood.; n.: The coming into court of either of the parties; the being present in court; the coming into court of a party summoned in an action either by himself or by his attorney expressed by a formal entry by the proper officer to that effect; the act or proceeding by which a party proceeded against places himself before the court and submits to its jurisdiction.
Found on page(s): [14, 22]

holocaust - holocaust, Definition(s): n.: A burnt sacrifice; an offering the whole of which was consumed by fire among the Jews and some pagan nations.; n.: Sacrifice or loss of many lives as by the burning of a theater or a ship. [An extended use not authorized by careful writers.
Found on page(s): [52]

spake - spake, Definition(s): : imp. of Speak.; : of Speak.
Found on page(s): [6, 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 32, 38, 47, 55]

devotion - devotion, Definition(s): n.: The act of devoting; consecration.; n.: The state of being devoted; addiction; eager inclination; strong attachment love or affection; zeal; especially feelings toward God appropriately expressed by acts of worship; devoutness.; n.: Act of devotedness or devoutness; manifestation of strong attachment; act of worship; prayer.; n.: Disposal; power of disposal.; n.: A thing consecrated; an object of devotion.
Found on page(s): [37]

cannot - cannot, Definition(s): : Am is or are not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Found on page(s): [1, 34, 37, 52]

span - span, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Spin.; v. t.: The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; eighth of a fathom.; v. t.: Hence a small space or a brief portion of time.; v. t.: The spread or extent of an arch between its abutments or of a beam girder truss roof bridge or the like between its supports.; v. t.: A rope having its ends made fast so that a purchase can be hooked to the bight; also a rope made fast in the center so that both ends can be used.; v. t.: A pair of horses or other animals driven together; usually such a pair of horses when similar in color form and action.; v. t.: To measure by the span of the hand with the fingers extended or with the fingers encompassing the object; as to span a space or distance; to span a cylinder.; v. t.: To reach from one side of to the order; to stretch over as an arch.; v. t.: To fetter as a horse; to hobble.; v. i.: To be matched as horses.
Found on page(s): [43]

voice - voice, Definition(s): n.: Sound uttered by the mouth especially that uttered by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character; as the human voice; a pleasant voice; a low voice.; n.: Sound of the kind or quality heard in speech or song in the consonants b v d etc. and in the vowels; sonant or intonated utterance; tone; -- distinguished from mere breath sound as heard in f s sh etc. and also whisper.; n.: The tone or sound emitted by anything.; n.: The faculty or power of utterance; as to cultivate the voice.; n.: Language; words; speech; expression; signification of feeling or opinion.; n.: Opinion or choice expressed; judgment; a vote.; n.: Command; precept; -- now chiefly used in scriptural language.; n.: One who speaks; a speaker.; n.: A particular mode of inflecting or conjugating verbs or a particular form of a verb by means of which is indicated the relation of the subject of the verb to the action which the verb expresses.; v. t.: To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce; to divulge; as to voice the sentiments of the nation.; v. t.: To utter with sonant or vocal tone; to pronounce with a narrowed glottis and rapid vibrations of the vocal cords; to speak above a whisper.; v. t.: To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of; as to voice the pipes of an organ.; v. t.: To vote; to elect; to appoint.; v. i.: To clamor; to cry out.
Found on page(s): [2, 20, 28, 29, 34, 37, 39, 41, 43, 44, 51, 55, 56]

escort - escort, Definition(s): n.: A body of armed men to attend a person of distinction for the sake of affording safety when on a journey; one who conducts some one as an attendant; a guard as of prisoners on a march; also a body of persons attending as a mark of respect or honor; -- applied to movements on land as convoy is to movements at sea.; n.: Protection care or safeguard on a journey or excursion; as to travel under the escort of a friend.; n.: To attend with a view to guard and protect; to accompany as safeguard; to give honorable or ceremonious attendance to; -- used esp. with reference to journeys or excursions on land; as to escort a public functionary or a lady; to escort a baggage wagon.
Found on page(s): [40]

abbot - abbot, Definition(s): n.: The superior or head of an abbey.; n.: One of a class of bishops whose sees were formerly abbeys.
Found on page(s): [46]

perfect - perfect, Definition(s): a.: Brought to consummation or completeness; completed; not defective nor redundant; having all the properties or qualities requisite to its nature and kind; without flaw fault or blemish; without error; mature; whole; pure; sound; right; correct.; a.: Well informed; certain; sure.; a.: Hermaphrodite; having both stamens and pistils; -- said of flower.; n.: The perfect tense or a form in that tense.; a.: To make perfect; to finish or complete so as to leave nothing wanting; to give to anything all that is requisite to its nature and kind.
Found on page(s): [14, 22, 30]

roman - roman, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Rome or the Roman people; like or characteristic of Rome the Roman people or things done by Romans; as Roman fortitude; a Roman aqueduct; Roman art.; a.: Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic religion; professing that religion.; a.: Upright; erect; -- said of the letters or kind of type ordinarily used as distinguished from Italic characters.; a.: Expressed in letters not in figures as I. IV. i. iv. etc.; -- said of numerals as distinguished from the Arabic numerals 1 4 etc.; n.: A native or permanent resident of Rome; a citizen of Rome or one upon whom certain rights and privileges of a Roman citizen were conferred.; n.: Roman type letters or print collectively; -- in distinction from Italics.
Found on page(s): [21]

sped - sped, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Speed.
Found on page(s): [19, 22]

clearly - clearly, Definition(s): adv.: In a clear manner.
Found on page(s): [3, 11, 14, 27, 31, 40, 44, 49]

maze - maze, Definition(s): n.: A wild fancy; a confused notion.; n.: Confusion of thought; perplexity; uncertainty; state of bewilderment.; n.: A confusing and baffling network as of paths or passages; an intricacy; a labyrinth.; v. t.: To perplex greatly; to bewilder; to astonish and confuse; to amaze.; v. i.: To be bewildered.
Found on page(s): [5, 25]

pole - pole, Definition(s): n.: A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Polander.; n.: A long slender piece of wood; a tall slender piece of timber; the stem of a small tree whose branches have been removed; as specifically: (a) A carriage pole a wooden bar extending from the front axle of a carriage between the wheel horses by which the carriage is guided and held back. (b) A flag pole a pole on which a flag is supported. (c) A Maypole. See Maypole. (d) A barber's pole a pole painted in stripes used as a sign by barbers and hairdressers. (e) A pole on which climbing beans hops or other vines are trained.; n.: A measuring stick; also a measure of length equal to 5/ yards or a square measure equal to 30/ square yards; a rod; a perch.; v. t.: To furnish with poles for support; as to pole beans or hops.; v. t.: To convey on poles; as to pole hay into a barn.; v. t.: To impel by a pole or poles as a boat.; v. t.: To stir as molten glass with a pole.; n.: Either extremity of an axis of a sphere; especially one of the extremities of the earth's axis; as the north pole.; n.: A point upon the surface of a sphere equally distant from every part of the circumference of a great circle; or the point in which a diameter of the sphere perpendicular to the plane of such circle meets the surface. Such a point is called the pole of that circle; as the pole of the horizon; the pole of the ecliptic; the pole of a given meridian.; n.: One of the opposite or contrasted parts or directions in which a polar force is manifested; a point of maximum intensity of a force which has two such points or which has polarity; as the poles of a magnet; the north pole of a needle.; n.: The firmament; the sky.; n.: See Polarity and Polar n.
Found on page(s): [38, 47, 53]

fourfold - fourfold, Definition(s): a. & adv.: Four times; quadruple; as a fourfold division.; n.: Four times as many or as much.; v. t.: To make four times as much or as many as an assessment; to quadruple.
Found on page(s): [24]

descending - descending, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to descent; moving downwards.
Found on page(s): [48]

spite - spite, Definition(s): n.: Ill-will or hatred toward another accompanied with the disposition to irritate annoy or thwart; petty malice; grudge; rancor; despite.; n.: Vexation; chargrin; mortification.; v. t.: To be angry at; to hate.; v. t.: To treat maliciously; to try to injure or thwart.; v. t.: To fill with spite; to offend; to vex.
Found on page(s): [12]

perversely - perversely, Definition(s): adv.: In a perverse manner.
Found on page(s): [32]

unerring - unerring, Definition(s): a.: Committing no mistake; incapable or error or failure certain; sure; unfailing; as the unerring wisdom of God.
Found on page(s): [31]

spell - spell, Definition(s): n.: A spelk or splinter.; v. t.: To supply the place of for a time; to take the turn of at work; to relieve; as to spell the helmsman.; n.: The relief of one person by another in any piece of work or watching; also a turn at work which is carried on by one person or gang relieving another; as a spell at the pumps; a spell at the masthead.; n.: The time during which one person or gang works until relieved; hence any relatively short period of time whether a few hours days or weeks.; n.: One of two or more persons or gangs who work by spells.; n.: A gratuitous helping forward of another's work; as a logging spell.; n.: A story; a tale.; n.: A stanza verse or phrase supposed to be endowed with magical power; an incantation; hence any charm.; v. t.: To tell; to relate; to teach.; v. t.: To put under the influence of a spell; to affect by a spell; to bewitch; to fascinate; to charm.; v. t.: To constitute; to measure.; v. t.: To tell or name in their proper order letters of as a word; to write or print in order the letters of esp. the proper letters; to form as words by correct orthography.; v. t.: To discover by characters or marks; to read with difficulty; -- usually with out; as to spell out the sense of an author; to spell out a verse in the Bible.; v. i.: To form words with letters esp. with the proper letters either orally or in writing.; v. i.: To study by noting characters; to gain knowledge or learn the meaning of anything by study.
Found on page(s): [53]

bench - bench, Definition(s): n.: A long seat differing from a stool in its greater length.; n.: A long table at which mechanics and other work; as a carpenter's bench.; n.: The seat where judges sit in court.; n.: The persons who sit as judges; the court; as the opinion of the full bench. See King's Bench.; n.: A collection or group of dogs exhibited to the public; -- so named because the animals are usually placed on benches or raised platforms.; n.: A conformation like a bench; a long stretch of flat ground or a kind of natural terrace near a lake or river.; v. t.: To furnish with benches.; v. t.: To place on a bench or seat of honor.; v. i.: To sit on a seat of justice.
Found on page(s): [36]

bottom - bottom, Definition(s): n.: The lowest part of anything; the foot; as the bottom of a tree or well; the bottom of a hill a lane or a page.; n.: The part of anything which is beneath the contents and supports them as the part of a chair on which a person sits the circular base or lower head of a cask or tub or the plank floor of a ship's hold; the under surface.; n.: That upon which anything rests or is founded in a literal or a figurative sense; foundation; groundwork.; n.: The bed of a body of water as of a river lake sea.; n.: The fundament; the buttocks.; n.: An abyss.; n.: Low land formed by alluvial deposits along a river; low-lying ground; a dale; a valley.; n.: The part of a ship which is ordinarily under water; hence the vessel itself; a ship.; n.: Power of endurance; as a horse of a good bottom.; n.: Dregs or grounds; lees; sediment.; a.: Of or pertaining to the bottom; fundamental; lowest; under; as bottom rock; the bottom board of a wagon box; bottom prices.; v. t.: To found or build upon; to fix upon as a support; -- followed by on or upon.; v. t.: To furnish with a bottom; as to bottom a chair.; v. t.: To reach or get to the bottom of.; v. i.: To rest as upon an ultimate support; to be based or grounded; -- usually with on or upon.; v. i.: To reach or impinge against the bottom so as to impede free action as when the point of a cog strikes the bottom of a space between two other cogs or a piston the end of a cylinder.; n.: A ball or skein of thread; a cocoon.; v. t.: To wind round something as in making a ball of thread.
Found on page(s): [55]

ill - ill, Definition(s): a.: Contrary to good in a physical sense; contrary or opposed to advantage happiness etc.; bad; evil; unfortunate; disagreeable; unfavorable.; a.: Contrary to good in a moral sense; evil; wicked; wrong; iniquitious; naughtly; bad; improper.; a.: Sick; indisposed; unwell; diseased; disordered; as ill of a fever.; a.: Not according with rule fitness or propriety; incorrect; rude; unpolished; inelegant.; n.: Whatever annoys or impairs happiness or prevents success; evil of any kind; misfortune; calamity; disease; pain; as the ills of humanity.; n.: Whatever is contrary to good in a moral sense; wickedness; depravity; iniquity; wrong; evil.; adv.: In a ill manner; badly; weakly.
Found on page(s): [4, 12, 18, 22, 23, 26, 30, 32, 33, 46]

circuitous - circuitous, Definition(s): a.: Going round in a circuit; roundabout; indirect; as a circuitous road; a circuitous manner of accomplishing an end.
Found on page(s): [31]

lustre - lustre, Definition(s): n.: Brilliancy; splendor; brightness; glitter.; n.: Renown; splendor; distinction; glory.; n.: A candlestick chandelier girandole or the like generally of an ornamental character.; n.: The appearance of the surface of a mineral as affected by or dependent upon peculiarities of its reflecting qualities.; n.: A substance which imparts luster to a surface as plumbago and some of the glazes.; n.: A fabric of wool and cotton with a lustrous surface -- used for women's dresses.; v. t.: To make lustrous.; n.: Same as Luster.
Found on page(s): [19, 24, 40, 48, 52]

bridegroom - bridegroom, Definition(s): n.: A man newly married or just about to be married.
Found on page(s): [11, 41]

provision - provision, Definition(s): n.: The act of providing or making previous preparation.; n.: That which is provided or prepared; that which is brought together or arranged in advance; measures taken beforehand; preparation.; n.: Especially a stock of food; any kind of eatables collected or stored; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which is stipulated in advance; a condition; a previous agreement; a proviso; as the provisions of a contract; the statute has many provisions.; n.: A canonical term for regular induction into a benefice comprehending nomination collation and installation.; n.: A nomination by the pope to a benefice before it became vacant depriving the patron of his right of presentation.; v. t.: To supply with food; to victual; as to provision a garrison.
Found on page(s): [44]

fame - fame, Definition(s): n.: Public report or rumor.; n.: Report or opinion generally diffused; renown; public estimation; celebrity either favorable or unfavorable; as the fame of Washington.; v. t.: To report widely or honorably.; v. t.: To make famous or renowned.
Found on page(s): [21]

cyprian - cyprian, Definition(s): a.: Belonging to Cyprus.; a.: Of pertaining or conducing to lewdness.; n.: A native or inhabitant of Cyprus especially of ancient Cyprus; a Cypriot.; n.: A lewd woman; a harlot.
Found on page(s): [28]

bosom - bosom, Definition(s): n.: The breast of a human being; the part between the arms to which anything is pressed when embraced by them.; n.: The breast considered as the seat of the passions affections and operations of the mind; consciousness; secret thoughts.; n.: Embrace; loving or affectionate inclosure; fold.; n.: Any thing or place resembling the breast; a supporting surface; an inner recess; the interior; as the bosom of the earth.; n.: The part of the dress worn upon the breast; an article or a portion of an article of dress to be worn upon the breast; as the bosom of a shirt; a linen bosom.; n.: Inclination; desire.; n.: A depression round the eye of a millstone.; a.: Of or pertaining to the bosom.; a.: Intimate; confidential; familiar; trusted; cherished; beloved; as a bosom friend.; v. t.: To inclose or carry in the bosom; to keep with care; to take to heart; to cherish.; v. t.: To conceal; to hide from view; to embosom.
Found on page(s): [1, 9, 22, 28, 42, 47, 49, 53]

steal - steal, Definition(s): n.: A handle; a stale or stele.; v. t.: To take and carry away feloniously; to take without right or leave and with intent to keep wrongfully; as to steal the personal goods of another.; v. t.: To withdraw or convey clandestinely (reflexive); hence to creep furtively or to insinuate.; v. t.: To gain by insinuating arts or covert means.; v. t.: To get into one's power gradually and by imperceptible degrees; to take possession of by a gradual and imperceptible appropriation; -- with away.; v. t.: To accomplish in a concealed or unobserved manner; to try to carry out secretly; as to steal a look.; v. i.: To practice or be guilty of theft; to commit larceny or theft.; v. i.: To withdraw or pass privily; to slip in along or away unperceived; to go or come furtively.
Found on page(s): [50]

mercury - mercury, Definition(s): n.: A Latin god of commerce and gain; -- treated by the poets as identical with the Greek Hermes messenger of the gods conductor of souls to the lower world and god of eloquence.; n.: A metallic element mostly obtained by reduction from cinnabar one of its ores. It is a heavy opaque glistening liquid (commonly called quicksilver) and is used in barometers thermometers ect. Specific gravity 13.6. Symbol Hg (Hydrargyrum). Atomic weight 199.8. Mercury has a molecule which consists of only one atom. It was named by the alchemists after the god Mercury and designated by his symbol /.; n.: One of the planets of the solar system being the one nearest the sun from which its mean distance is about 36000000 miles. Its period is 88 days and its diameter 3000 miles.; n.: A carrier of tidings; a newsboy; a messenger; hence also a newspaper.; n.: Sprightly or mercurial quality; spirit; mutability; fickleness.; n.: A plant (Mercurialis annua) of the Spurge family the leaves of which are sometimes used for spinach in Europe.; v. t.: To wash with a preparation of mercury.
Found on page(s): [14]

according - according, Definition(s): p. a.: Agreeing; in agreement or harmony; harmonious.; adv.: Accordingly; correspondingly.
Found on page(s): [48]

winter - winter, Definition(s): n.: The season of the year in which the sun shines most obliquely upon any region; the coldest season of the year.; n.: The period of decay old age death or the like.; v. i.: To pass the winter; to hibernate; as to winter in Florida.; v. i.: To keep feed or manage during the winter; as to winter young cattle on straw.
Found on page(s): [50]

elder - elder, Definition(s): a.: Older; more aged or existing longer.; a.: Born before another; prior in years; senior; earlier; older; as his elder brother died in infancy; -- opposed to younger and now commonly applied to a son daughter child brother etc.; a.: One who is older; a superior in age; a senior.; a.: An aged person; one who lived at an earlier period; a predecessor.; a.: A person who on account of his age occupies the office of ruler or judge; hence a person occupying any office appropriate to such as have the experience and dignity which age confers; as the elders of Israel; the elders of the synagogue; the elders in the apostolic church.; a.: A clergyman authorized to administer all the sacraments; as a traveling elder.; n.: A genus of shrubs (Sambucus) having broad umbels of white flowers and small black or red berries.
Found on page(s): [28]

een - een, Definition(s): n.: The old plural of Eye.
Found on page(s): [2, 6, 8, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 20, 22, 40, 43, 44, 50, 55]

trace - trace, Definition(s): n.: One of two straps chains or ropes of a harness extending from the collar or breastplate to a whiffletree attached to a vehicle or thing to be drawn; a tug.; v. t.: A mark left by anything passing; a track; a path; a course; a footprint; a vestige; as the trace of a carriage or sled; the trace of a deer; a sinuous trace.; v. t.: A very small quantity of an element or compound in a given substance especially when so small that the amount is not quantitatively determined in an analysis; -- hence in stating an analysis often contracted to tr.; v. t.: A mark impression or visible appearance of anything left when the thing itself no longer exists; remains; token; vestige.; v. t.: The intersection of a plane of projection or an original plane with a coordinate plane.; v. t.: The ground plan of a work or works.; v. t.: To mark out; to draw or delineate with marks; especially to copy as a drawing or engraving by following the lines and marking them on a sheet superimposed through which they appear; as to trace a figure or an outline; a traced drawing.; v. t.: To follow by some mark that has been left by a person or thing which has preceded; to follow by footsteps tracks or tokens.; v. t.: Hence to follow the trace or track of.; v. t.: To copy; to imitate.; v. t.: To walk over; to pass through; to traverse.; v. i.: To walk; to go; to travel.
Found on page(s): [46]

eer - eer, Definition(s): adv.: A contraction for ever. See Ever.
Found on page(s): [3, 37, 38, 49, 55]

extinct - extinct, Definition(s): a.: Extinguished; put out; quenched; as a fire a light or a lamp is extinct; an extinct volcano.; a.: Without a survivor; without force; dead; as a family becomes extinct; an extinct feud or law.; v. t.: To cause to be extinct.
Found on page(s): [29, 36, 54]

axle - axle, Definition(s): n.: The pin or spindle on which a wheel revolves or which revolves with a wheel.; n.: A transverse bar or shaft connecting the opposite wheels of a car or carriage; an axletree.; n.: An axis; as the sun's axle.
Found on page(s): [47]

appertain - appertain, Definition(s): v. i.: To belong or pertain whether by right nature appointment or custom; to relate.
Found on page(s): [45]

fortune - fortune, Definition(s): n.: The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success apportioning happiness and unhappiness and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.; n.: That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as to tell one's fortune.; n.: That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.; n.: Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as a gentleman of fortune.; n.: To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.; n.: To provide with a fortune.; n.: To presage; to tell the fortune of.; v. i.: To fall out; to happen.
Found on page(s): [32, 45]

grave - grave, Definition(s): v. t.: To clean as a vessel's bottom of barnacles grass etc. and pay it over with pitch; -- so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose.; superl.: Of great weight; heavy; ponderous.; superl.: Of importance; momentous; weighty; influential; sedate; serious; -- said of character relations etc.; as grave deportment character influence etc.; superl.: Not light or gay; solemn; sober; plain; as a grave color; a grave face.; superl.: Not acute or sharp; low; deep; -- said of sound; as a grave note or key.; superl.: Slow and solemn in movement.; n.: To dig. [Obs.] Chaucer.; n.: To carve or cut as letters or figures on some hard substance; to engrave.; n.: To carve out or give shape to by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture; as to grave an image.; n.: To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.; n.: To entomb; to bury.; v. i.: To write or delineate on hard substances by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.; n.: An excavation in the earth as a place of burial; also any place of interment; a tomb; a sepulcher. Hence: Death; destruction.
Found on page(s): [35, 51]

spent - spent, Definition(s): a.: Exhausted; worn out; having lost energy or motive force.; a.: Exhausted of spawn or sperm; -- said especially of fishes.
Found on page(s): [55]

nigh - nigh, Definition(s): superl.: Not distant or remote in place or time; near.; superl.: Not remote in degree kindred circumstances etc.; closely allied; intimate.; a.: In a situation near in place or time or in the course of events; near.; a.: Almost; nearly; as he was nigh dead.; v. t. & i.: To draw nigh (to); to approach; to come near.; prep.: Near to; not remote or distant from.
Found on page(s): [14, 36]

round - round, Definition(s): v. i. & t.: To whisper.; a.: Having every portion of the surface or of the circumference equally distant from the center; spherical; circular; having a form approaching a spherical or a circular shape; orbicular; globular; as a round ball.; a.: Having the form of a cylinder; cylindrical; as the barrel of a musket is round.; a.: Having a curved outline or form; especially one like the arc of a circle or an ellipse or a portion of the surface of a sphere; rotund; bulging; protuberant; not angular or pointed; as a round arch; round hills.; a.: Full; complete; not broken; not fractional; approximately in even units tens hundreds thousands etc.; -- said of numbers.; a.: Not inconsiderable; large; hence generous; free; as a round price.; a.: Uttered or emitted with a full tone; as a round voice; a round note.; a.: Modified as a vowel by contraction of the lip opening making the opening more or less round in shape; rounded; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation / 11.; a.: Outspoken; plain and direct; unreserved; unqualified; not mincing; as a round answer; a round oath.; a.: Full and smoothly expanded; not defective or abrupt; finished; polished; -- said of style or of authors with reference to their style.; a.: Complete and consistent; fair; just; -- applied to conduct.; n.: Anything round as a circle a globe a ring. The golden round [the crown].; n.: A series of changes or events ending where it began; a series of like events recurring in continuance; a cycle; a periodical revolution; as the round of the seasons; a round of pleasures.; n.: A course of action or conduct performed by a number of persons in turn or one after another as if seated in a circle.; n.: A series of duties or tasks which must be performed in turn and then repeated.; n.: A circular dance.; n.: That which goes round a whole circle or company; as a round of applause.; n.: Rotation as in office; succession.; n.: The step of a ladder; a rundle or rung; also a crosspiece which joins and braces the legs of a chair.; n.: A course ending where it began; a circuit; a beat; especially one freguently or regulary traversed; also the act of traversing a circuit; as a watchman's round; the rounds of the postman.; n.: A walk performed by a guard or an officer round the rampart of a garrison or among sentinels to see that the sentinels are faithful and all things safe; also the guard or officer with his attendants who performs this duty; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A general discharge of firearms by a body of troops in which each soldier fires once.; n.: Ammunition for discharging a piece or pieces once; as twenty rounds of ammunition were given out.; n.: A short vocal piece resembling a catch in which three or four voices follow each other round in a species of canon in the unison.; n.: The time during which prize fighters or boxers are in actual contest without an intermission as prescribed by their rules; a bout.; n.: A brewer's vessel in which the fermentation is concluded the yeast escaping through the bunghole.; n.: A vessel filled as for drinking.; n.: An assembly; a group; a circle; as a round of politicians.; n.: See Roundtop.; n.: Same as Round of beef below.; adv.: On all sides; around.; adv.: Circularly; in a circular form or manner; by revolving or reversing one's position; as to turn one's head round; a wheel turns round.; adv.: In circumference; as a ball is ten inches round.; adv.: From one side or party to another; as to come or turn round -- that is to change sides or opinions.; adv.: By or in a circuit; by a course longer than the direct course; back to the starting point.; adv.: Through a circle as of friends or houses.; adv.: Roundly; fully; vigorously.; prep.: On every side of so as to encompass or encircle; around; about; as the people atood round him; to go round the city; to wind a cable round a windlass.; v. t.: To make circular spherical or cylindrical; to give a round or convex figure to; as to round a silver coin; to round the edges of anything.; v. t.: To surround; to encircle; to encompass.; v. t.: To bring to fullness or completeness; to complete; hence to bring to a fit conclusion.; v. t.: To go round wholly or in part; to go about (a corner or point); as to round a corner; to round Cape Horn.; v. t.: To make full smooth and flowing; as to round periods in writing.; v. i.: To grow round or full; hence to attain to fullness completeness or perfection.; v. i.: To go round as a guard.; v. i.: To go or turn round; to wheel about.
Found on page(s): [8, 21, 27, 32, 33, 38, 45, 47, 48, 50, 52, 53]

temple - temple, Definition(s): n.: A contrivence used in a loom for keeping the web stretched transversely.; n.: The space on either side of the head back of the eye and forehead above the zygomatic arch and in front of the ear.; n.: One of the side bars of a pair of spectacles jointed to the bows and passing one on either side of the head to hold the spectacles in place.; n.: A place or edifice dedicated to the worship of some deity; as the temple of Jupiter at Athens or of Juggernaut in India.; n.: The edifice erected at Jerusalem for the worship of Jehovah.; n.: Hence among Christians an edifice erected as a place of public worship; a church.; n.: Fig.: Any place in which the divine presence specially resides.; v. t.: To build a temple for; to appropriate a temple to; as to temple a god.
Found on page(s): [22]

perfection - perfection, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being perfect or complete so that nothing requisite is wanting; entire development; consummate culture skill or moral excellence; the highest attainable state or degree of excellence; maturity; as perfection in an art in a science or in a system; perfection in form or degree; fruits in perfection.; n.: A quality endowment or acquirement completely excellent; an ideal faultlessness; especially the divine attribute of complete excellence.; v. t.: To perfect.
Found on page(s): [16, 48]

pope - pope, Definition(s): n.: Any ecclesiastic esp. a bishop.; n.: The bishop of Rome the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.; n.: A parish priest or a chaplain of the Greek Church.; n.: A fish; the ruff.
Found on page(s): [35]

fard - fard, Definition(s): n.: Paint used on the face.; v. t.: To paint; -- said esp. of one's face.
Found on page(s): [45]

firebrand - firebrand, Definition(s): n.: A piece of burning wood.; n.: One who inflames factions or causes contention and mischief; an incendiary.
Found on page(s): [33]

imperishable - imperishable, Definition(s): a.: Not perishable; not subject to decay; indestructible; enduring permanently; as an imperishable monument; imperishable renown.
Found on page(s): [52]

shaken - shaken, Definition(s): a.: Caused to shake; agitated; as a shaken bough.; a.: Cracked or checked; split. See Shake n. 2.; n.: Impaired as by a shock.
Found on page(s): [3]

urge - urge, Definition(s): v. t.: To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.; v. t.: To press the mind or will of; to ply with motives arguments persuasion or importunity.; v. t.: To provoke; to exasperate.; v. t.: To present in an urgent manner; to press upon attention; to insist upon; as to urge an argument; to urge the necessity of a case.; v. t.: To treat with forcible means; to take severe or violent measures with; as to urge an ore with intense heat.; v. i.: To press onward or forward.; v. i.: To be pressing in argument; to insist; to persist.
Found on page(s): [13]

spouse - spouse, Definition(s): n.: A man or woman engaged or joined in wedlock; a married person husband or wife.; n.: A married man in distinct from a spousess or married woman; a bridegroom or husband.; n.: To wed; to espouse.
Found on page(s): [20, 39, 41, 44]

poor - poor, Definition(s): superl.: Destitute of property; wanting in material riches or goods; needy; indigent.; superl.: So completely destitute of property as to be entitled to maintenance from the public.; superl.: Wanting in fat plumpness or fleshiness; lean; emaciated; meager; as a poor horse ox dog etc.; superl.: Wanting in strength or vigor; feeble; dejected; as poor health; poor spirits.; superl.: Of little value or worth; not good; inferior; shabby; mean; as poor clothes; poor lodgings.; superl.: Destitute of fertility; exhausted; barren; sterile; -- said of land; as poor soil.; superl.: Destitute of beauty fitness or merit; as a poor discourse; a poor picture.; superl.: Without prosperous conditions or good results; unfavorable; unfortunate; unconformable; as a poor business; the sick man had a poor night.; superl.: Inadequate; insufficient; insignificant; as a poor excuse.; superl.: Worthy of pity or sympathy; -- used also sometimes as a term of endearment or as an expression of modesty and sometimes as a word of contempt.; superl.: Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek.; n.: A small European codfish (Gadus minutus); -- called also power cod.
Found on page(s): [23]

silence - silence, Definition(s): n.: The state of being silent; entire absence of sound or noise; absolute stillness.; n.: Forbearance from or absence of speech; taciturnity; muteness.; n.: Secrecy; as these things were transacted in silence.; n.: The cessation of rage agitation or tumilt; calmness; quiest; as the elements were reduced to silence.; n.: Absence of mention; oblivion.; interj.: Be silent; -- used elliptically for let there be silence or keep silence.; v. t.: To compel to silence; to cause to be still; to still; to hush.; v. t.: To put to rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To restrain from the exercise of any function privilege of instruction or the like especially from the act of preaching; as to silence a minister of the gospel.; v. t.: To cause to cease firing as by a vigorous cannonade; as to silence the batteries of an enemy.
Found on page(s): [18, 45, 47]

moving - moving, Definition(s): a.: Changing place or posture; causing motion or action; as a moving car or power.; a.: Exciting movement of the mind; adapted to move the sympathies passions or affections; touching; pathetic; as a moving appeal.; n.: The act of changing place or posture; esp. the act of changing one's dwelling place or place of business.
Found on page(s): [48]

ran - ran, Definition(s): : imp. of Run.; n.: Open robbery.; n.: Yarns coiled on a spun-yarn winch.
Found on page(s): [3, 22, 41, 50, 54]

grief - grief, Definition(s): a.: Pain of mind on account of something in the past; mental suffering arising from any cause as misfortune loss of friends misconduct of one's self or others etc.; sorrow; sadness.; a.: Cause of sorrow or pain; that which afficts or distresses; trial; grievance.; a.: Physical pain or a cause of it; malady.
Found on page(s): [54]

chanting - chanting, Definition(s): n.: Singing esp. as a chant is sung.
Found on page(s): [24]

ray - ray, Definition(s): v. t.: To array.; v. t.: To mark stain or soil; to streak; to defile.; n.: Array; order; arrangement; dress.; n.: One of a number of lines or parts diverging from a common point or center like the radii of a circle; as a star of six rays.; n.: A radiating part of a flower or plant; the marginal florets of a compound flower as an aster or a sunflower; one of the pedicels of an umbel or other circular flower cluster; radius. See Radius.; n.: One of the radiating spines or cartilages supporting the fins of fishes.; n.: One of the spheromeres of a radiate especially one of the arms of a starfish or an ophiuran.; n.: A line of light or heat proceeding from a radiant or reflecting point; a single element of light or heat propagated continuously; as a solar ray; a polarized ray.; n.: One of the component elements of the total radiation from a body; any definite or limited portion of the spectrum; as the red ray; the violet ray. See Illust. under Light.; n.: Sight; perception; vision; -- from an old theory of vision that sight was something which proceeded from the eye to the object seen.; n.: One of a system of diverging lines passing through a point and regarded as extending indefinitely in both directions. See Half-ray.; n.: To mark with long lines; to streak.; n.: To send forth or shoot out; to cause to shine out; as to ray smiles.; v. i.: To shine as with rays.; n.: Any one of numerous elasmobranch fishes of the order Raiae including the skates torpedoes sawfishes etc.; n.: In a restricted sense any of the broad flat narrow-tailed species as the skates and sting rays. See Skate.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 20, 27, 43, 47, 51, 55]

inspired - inspired, Definition(s): a.: Breathed in; inhaled.; a.: Moved or animated by or as by a supernatural influence; affected by divine inspiration; as the inspired prophets; the inspired writers.; a.: Communicated or given as by supernatural or divine inspiration; having divine authority; hence sacred holy; -- opposed to uninspired profane or secular; as the inspired writings that is the Scriptures.
Found on page(s): [38]

conception - conception, Definition(s): n.: The act of conceiving in the womb; the initiation of an embryonic animal life.; n.: The state of being conceived; beginning.; n.: The power or faculty of apprehending of forming an idea in the mind; the power of recalling a past sensation or perception.; n.: The formation in the mind of an image idea or notion apprehension.; n.: The image idea or notion of any action or thing which is formed in the mind; a concept; a notion; a universal; the product of a rational belief or judgment. See Concept.; n.: Idea; purpose; design.; n.: Conceit; affected sentiment or thought.
Found on page(s): [55]

notch - notch, Definition(s): n.: A hollow cut in anything; a nick; an indentation.; n.: A narrow passage between two elevation; a deep close pass; a defile; as the notch of a mountain.; v. t.: To cut or make notches in ; to indent; also to score by notches; as to notch a stick.; v. t.: To fit the notch of (an arrow) to the string.
Found on page(s): [5]

guest - guest, Definition(s): n.: A visitor; a person received and entertained in one's house or at one's table; a visitor entertained without pay.; v. t.: To receive or entertain hospitably.; v. i.: To be or act the part of a guest.
Found on page(s): [40]

endure - endure, Definition(s): v. i.: To continue in the same state without perishing; to last; to remain.; v. i.: To remain firm as under trial or suffering; to suffer patiently or without yielding; to bear up under adversity; to hold out.; v. t.: To remain firm under; to sustain; to undergo; to support without breaking or yielding; as metals endure a certain degree of heat without melting; to endure wind and weather.; v. t.: To bear with patience; to suffer without opposition or without sinking under the pressure or affliction; to bear up under; to put up with; to tolerate.; v. t.: To harden; to toughen; to make hardy.
Found on page(s): [6, 51]

prudence - prudence, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being prudent; wisdom in the way of caution and provision; discretion; carefulness; hence also economy; frugality.
Found on page(s): [49]

firmly - firmly, Definition(s): adv.: In a firm manner.
Found on page(s): [32]

fate - fate, Definition(s): n.: A fixed decree by which the order of things is prescribed; the immutable law of the universe; inevitable necessity; the force by which all existence is determined and conditioned.; n.: Appointed lot; allotted life; arranged or predetermined event; destiny; especially the final lot; doom; ruin; death.; n.: The element of chance in the affairs of life; the unforeseen and unestimated conitions considered as a force shaping events; fortune; esp. opposing circumstances against which it is useless to struggle; as fate was or the fates were against him.; n.: The three goddesses Clotho Lachesis and Atropos sometimes called the Destinies or Parcaewho were supposed to determine the course of human life. They are represented one as holding the distaff a second as spinning and the third as cutting off the thread.
Found on page(s): [13]

wherefore - wherefore, Definition(s): adv. & conj.: For which reason; so; -- used relatively.; adv. & conj.: For what reason; why; -- used interrogatively.; n.: the reason why.
Found on page(s): [13, 19, 25]

essence - essence, Definition(s): n.: The constituent elementary notions which constitute a complex notion and must be enumerated to define it; sometimes called the nominal essence.; n.: The constituent quality or qualities which belong to any object or class of objects or on which they depend for being what they are (distinguished as real essence); the real being divested of all logical accidents; that quality which constitutes or marks the true nature of anything; distinctive character; hence virtue or quality of a thing separated from its grosser parts.; n.: Constituent substance.; n.: A being; esp. a purely spiritual being.; n.: The predominant qualities or virtues of a plant or drug extracted and refined from grosser matter; or more strictly the solution in spirits of wine of a volatile or essential oil; as the essence of mint and the like.; n.: Perfume; odor; scent; or the volatile matter constituting perfume.; v. t.: To perfume; to scent.
Found on page(s): [6, 17]

pore - pore, Definition(s): v.: One of the minute orifices in an animal or vegetable membrane for transpiration absorption etc.; v.: A minute opening or passageway; an interstice between the constituent particles or molecules of a body; as the pores of stones.; v. i.: To look or gaze steadily in reading or studying; to fix the attention; to be absorbed; -- often with on or upon and now usually with over.
Found on page(s): [45]

nile - nile, Definition(s): n.: The great river of Egypt.
Found on page(s): [22]

sleep - sleep, Definition(s): : imp. of Sleep. Slept.; v. i.: To take rest by a suspension of the voluntary exercise of the powers of the body and mind and an apathy of the organs of sense; to slumber.; v. i.: To be careless inattentive or uncouncerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly.; v. i.: To be dead; to lie in the grave.; v. i.: To be or appear to be in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed unused or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant; as a question sleeps for the present; the law sleeps.; v. t.: To be slumbering in; -- followed by a cognate object; as to sleep a dreamless sleep.; v. t.: To give sleep to; to furnish with accomodations for sleeping; to lodge.; v. i.: A natural and healthy but temporary and periodical suspension of the functions of the organs of sense as well as of those of the voluntary and rational soul; that state of the animal in which there is a lessened acuteness of sensory perception a confusion of ideas and a loss of mental control followed by a more or less unconscious state.
Found on page(s): [11, 44]

omnipotent - omnipotent, Definition(s): a.: Able in every respect and for every work; unlimited in ability; all-powerful; almighty; as the Being that can create worlds must be omnipotent.; a.: Having unlimited power of a particular kind; as omnipotent love.
Found on page(s): [37]

refuse - refuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To deny as a request demand invitation or command; to decline to do or grant.; v. t.: To throw back or cause to keep back (as the center a wing or a flank) out of the regular aligment when troops ar/ about to engage the enemy; as to refuse the right wing while the left wing attacks.; v. t.: To decline to accept; to reject; to deny the request or petition of; as to refuse a suitor.; v. t.: To disown.; v. i.: To deny compliance; not to comply.; n.: Refusal.; n.: That which is refused or rejected as useless; waste or worthless matter.; a.: Refused; rejected; hence; left as unworthy of acceptance; of no value; worthless.
Found on page(s): [38]

aspect - aspect, Definition(s): n.: The act of looking; vision; gaze; glance.; n.: Look or particular appearance of the face; countenance; mien; air.; n.: Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view.; n.: Position or situation with regard to seeing; that position which enables one to look in a particular direction; position in relation to the points of the compass; as a house has a southern aspect that is a position which faces the south.; n.: Prospect; outlook.; n.: The situation of planets or stars with respect to one another or the angle formed by the rays of light proceeding from them and meeting at the eye; the joint look of planets or stars upon each other or upon the earth.; n.: The influence of the stars for good or evil; as an ill aspect.; n.: To behold; to look at.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 9]

boldness - boldness, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being bold.
Found on page(s): [41]

nathless - nathless, Definition(s): conj.: Nevertheless.
Found on page(s): [1]

ire - ire, Definition(s): n.: Anger; wrath.
Found on page(s): [13]

sweep - sweep, Definition(s): v. i.: To pass a broom across (a surface) so as to remove loose dirt dust etc.; to brush or rub over with a broom for the purpose of cleaning; as to sweep a floor the street or a chimney. Used also figuratively.; v. i.: To drive or carry along or off with a broom or a brush or as if with a broom; to remove by or as if by brushing; as to sweep dirt from a floor; the wind sweeps the snow from the hills; a freshet sweeps away a dam timber or rubbish; a pestilence sweeps off multitudes.; v. i.: To brush against or over; to rub lightly along.; v. i.: To carry with a long swinging or dragging motion; hence to carry in a stately or proud fashion.; v. i.: To strike with a long stroke.; v. i.: To draw or drag something over; as to sweep the bottom of a river with a net.; v. i.: To pass over or traverse with the eye or with an instrument of observation; as to sweep the heavens with a telescope.; v. i.: To clean rooms yards etc. or to clear away dust dirt litter etc. with a broom brush or the like.; v. i.: To brush swiftly over the surface of anything; to pass with switness and force as if brushing the surface of anything; to move in a stately manner; as the wind sweeps across the plain; a woman sweeps through a drawing-room.; v. i.: To pass over anything comprehensively; to range through with rapidity; as his eye sweeps through space.; n.: The act of sweeping.; n.: The compass or range of a stroke; as a long sweep.; n.: The compass of any turning body or of any motion; as the sweep of a door; the sweep of the eye.; n.: The compass of anything flowing or brushing; as the flood carried away everything within its sweep.; n.: Violent and general destruction; as the sweep of an epidemic disease.; n.: Direction and extent of any motion not rectlinear; as the sweep of a compass.; n.: Direction or departure of a curve a road an arch or the like away from a rectlinear line.; n.: One who sweeps; a sweeper; specifically a chimney sweeper.; n.: A movable templet for making molds in loam molding.; n.: The mold of a ship when she begins to curve in at the rungheads; any part of a ship shaped in a segment of a circle.; n.: A large oar used in small vessels partly to propel them and partly to steer them.; n.: The almond furnace.; n.: A long pole or piece of timber moved on a horizontal fulcrum fixed to a tall post and used to raise and lower a bucket in a well for drawing water.; n.: In the game of casino a pairing or combining of all the cards on the board and so removing them all; in whist the winning of all the tricks (thirteen) in a hand; a slam.; n.: The sweeping of workshops where precious metals are worked containing filings etc.
Found on page(s): [52]

descend - descend, Definition(s): v. i.: To pass from a higher to a lower place; to move downwards; to come or go down in any way as by falling flowing walking etc.; to plunge; to fall; to incline downward; -- the opposite of ascend.; v. i.: To enter mentally; to retire.; v. i.: To make an attack or incursion as if from a vantage ground; to come suddenly and with violence; -- with on or upon.; v. i.: To come down to a lower less fortunate humbler less virtuous or worse state or station; to lower or abase one's self; as he descended from his high estate.; v. i.: To pass from the more general or important to the particular or less important matters to be considered.; v. i.: To come down as from a source original or stock; to be derived; to proceed by generation or by transmission; to fall or pass by inheritance; as the beggar may descend from a prince; a crown descends to the heir.; v. i.: To move toward the south or to the southward.; v. i.: To fall in pitch; to pass from a higher to a lower tone.; v. t.: To go down upon or along; to pass from a higher to a lower part of; as they descended the river in boats; to descend a ladder.
Found on page(s): [33, 38]

saint - saint, Definition(s): n.: A person sanctified; a holy or godly person; one eminent for piety and virtue; any true Christian as being redeemed and consecrated to God.; n.: One of the blessed in heaven.; n.: One canonized by the church.; v. t.: To make a saint of; to enroll among the saints by an offical act as of the pope; to canonize; to give the title or reputation of a saint to (some one).; v. i.: To act or live as a saint.
Found on page(s): [46]

neck - neck, Definition(s): n.: The part of an animal which connects the head and the trunk and which in man and many other animals is more slender than the trunk.; n.: The long slender part of a vessel as a retort or of a fruit as a gourd.; n.: A long narrow tract of land projecting from the main body or a narrow tract connecting two larger tracts.; n.: That part of a violin guitar or similar instrument which extends from the head to the body and on which is the finger board or fret board.; n.: A reduction in size near the end of an object formed by a groove around it; as a neck forming the journal of a shaft.; n.: the point where the base of the stem of a plant arises from the root.; v. t.: To reduce the diameter of (an object) near its end by making a groove around it; -- used with down; as to neck down a shaft.; v. t. & i.: To kiss and caress amorously.
Found on page(s): [5]

sublunar - sublunar, Definition(s): a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [35]

vainly - vainly, Definition(s): adv.: In a vain manner; in vain.
Found on page(s): [26, 50]

pathway - pathway, Definition(s): n.: A footpath; a beaten track; any path or course. Also used figuratively.
Found on page(s): [53]

sweet - sweet, Definition(s): superl.: Having an agreeable taste or flavor such as that of sugar; saccharine; -- opposed to sour and bitter; as a sweet beverage; sweet fruits; sweet oranges.; superl.: Pleasing to the smell; fragrant; redolent; balmy; as a sweet rose; sweet odor; sweet incense.; superl.: Pleasing to the ear; soft; melodious; harmonious; as the sweet notes of a flute or an organ; sweet music; a sweet voice; a sweet singer.; superl.: Pleasing to the eye; beautiful; mild and attractive; fair; as a sweet face; a sweet color or complexion.; superl.: Fresh; not salt or brackish; as sweet water.; superl.: Not changed from a sound or wholesome state. Specifically: (a) Not sour; as sweet milk or bread. (b) Not state; not putrescent or putrid; not rancid; as sweet butter; sweet meat or fish.; superl.: Plaesing to the mind; mild; gentle; calm; amiable; winning; presuasive; as sweet manners.; n.: That which is sweet to the taste; -- used chiefly in the plural.; n.: Confectionery sweetmeats preserves etc.; n.: Home-made wines cordials metheglin etc.; n.: That which is sweet or pleasant in odor; a perfume.; n.: That which is pleasing or grateful to the mind; as the sweets of domestic life.; n.: One who is dear to another; a darling; -- a term of endearment.; adv.: Sweetly.; v. t.: To sweeten.
Found on page(s): [9, 13, 23, 29, 30, 37, 39, 41, 47, 51, 53, 56]

exploit - exploit, Definition(s): n.: A deed or act; especially a heroic act; a deed of renown; an adventurous or noble achievement; as the exploits of Alexander the Great.; n.: Combat; war.; n.: To utilize; to make available; to get the value or usefulness out of; as to exploit a mine or agricultural lands; to exploit public opinion.; n.: Hence: To draw an illegitimate profit from; to speculate on; to put upon.
Found on page(s): [35]

nine - nine, Definition(s): a.: Eight and one more; one less than ten; as nine miles.; n.: The number greater than eight by a unit; nine units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing nine units as 9 or ix.
Found on page(s): [5]

unborn - unborn, Definition(s): a.: Not born; no yet brought into life; being still to appear; future.
Found on page(s): [24]

eager - eager, Definition(s): a.: Sharp; sour; acid.; a.: Sharp; keen; bitter; severe.; a.: Excited by desire in the pursuit of any object; ardent to pursue perform or obtain; keenly desirous; hotly longing; earnest; zealous; impetuous; vehement; as the hounds were eager in the chase.; a.: Brittle; inflexible; not ductile.; n.: Same as Eagre.
Found on page(s): [5]

whateer - whateer, Definition(s): pron.: A contraction of what-ever; -- used in poetry.
Found on page(s): [48, 51]

gratuitous - gratuitous, Definition(s): a.: Given without an equivalent or recompense; conferred without valuable consideration; granted without pay or without claim or merit; not required by justice.; a.: Not called for by the circumstances; without reason cause or proof; adopted or asserted without any good ground; as a gratuitous assumption.
Found on page(s): [51]

errand - errand, Definition(s): n.: A special business intrusted to a messenger; something to be told or done by one sent somewhere for the purpose; often a verbal message; a commission; as the servant was sent on an errand; to do an errand. Also one's purpose in going anywhere.
Found on page(s): [45]

inwardly - inwardly, Definition(s): adv.: In the inner parts; internally.; adv.: Toward the center; inward; as to curve inwardly.; adv.: In the heart or mind; mentally; privately; secret/y; as he inwardly repines.; adv.: Intimately; thoroughly.
Found on page(s): [3, 36, 50]

suspense - suspense, Definition(s): a.: Held or lifted up; held or prevented from proceeding.; a.: Expressing or proceeding from suspense or doubt.; a.: The state of being suspended; specifically a state of uncertainty and expectation with anxiety or apprehension; indetermination; indecision; as the suspense of a person waiting for the verdict of a jury.; a.: Cessation for a time; stop; pause.; a.: A temporary cessation of one's right; suspension as when the rent or other profits of land cease by unity of possession of land and rent.
Found on page(s): [13, 38]

concord - concord, Definition(s): n.: A state of agreement; harmony; union.; n.: Agreement by stipulation; compact; covenant; treaty or league.; n.: Agreement of words with one another in gender number person or case.; n.: An agreement between the parties to a fine of land in reference to the manner in which it should pass being an acknowledgment that the land in question belonged to the complainant. See Fine.; n.: An agreeable combination of tones simultaneously heard; a consonant chord; consonance; harmony.; n.: A variety of American grape with large dark blue (almost black) grapes in compact clusters.; v. i.: To agree; to act together.
Found on page(s): [41]

spring - spring, Definition(s): v. i.: To leap; to bound; to jump.; v. i.: To issue with speed and violence; to move with activity; to dart; to shoot.; v. i.: To start or rise suddenly as from a covert.; v. i.: To fly back; as a bow when bent springs back by its elastic power.; v. i.: To bend from a straight direction or plane surface; to become warped; as a piece of timber or a plank sometimes springs in seasoning.; v. i.: To shoot up out or forth; to come to the light; to begin to appear; to emerge; as a plant from its seed as streams from their source and the like; -often followed by up forth or out.; v. i.: To issue or proceed as from a parent or ancestor; to result as from a cause motive reason or principle.; v. i.: To grow; to prosper.; v. t.: To cause to spring up; to start or rouse as game; to cause to rise from the earth or from a covert; as to spring a pheasant.; v. t.: To produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly.; v. t.: To cause to explode; as to spring a mine.; v. t.: To crack or split; to bend or strain so as to weaken; as to spring a mast or a yard.; v. t.: To cause to close suddenly as the parts of a trap operated by a spring; as to spring a trap.; v. t.: To bend by force as something stiff or strong; to force or put by bending as a beam into its sockets and allowing it to straighten when in place; -- often with in out etc.; as to spring in a slat or a bar.; v. t.: To pass over by leaping; as to spring a fence.; v. i.: A leap; a bound; a jump.; v. i.: A flying back; the resilience of a body recovering its former state by elasticity; as the spring of a bow.; v. i.: Elastic power or force.; v. i.: An elastic body of any kind as steel India rubber tough wood or compressed air used for various mechanical purposes as receiving and imparting power diminishing concussion regulating motion measuring weight or other force.; v. i.: Any source of supply; especially the source from which a stream proceeds; as issue of water from the earth; a natural fountain.; v. i.: Any active power; that by which action or motion is produced or propagated; cause; origin; motive.; v. i.: A race; lineage.; v. i.: A youth; a springal.; v. i.: A shoot; a plant; a young tree; also a grove of trees; woodland.; v. i.: That which causes one to spring; specifically a lively tune.; v. i.: The season of the year when plants begin to vegetate and grow; the vernal season usually comprehending the months of March April and May in the middle latitudes north of the equator.; v. i.: The time of growth and progress; early portion; first stage.; v. i.: A crack or fissure in a mast or yard running obliquely or transversely.; v. i.: A line led from a vessel's quarter to her cable so that by tightening or slacking it she can be made to lie in any desired position; a line led diagonally from the bow or stern of a vessel to some point upon the wharf to which she is moored.
Found on page(s): [2, 16, 30, 51]

leave - leave, Definition(s): v. i.: To send out leaves; to leaf; -- often with out.; v. t.: To raise; to levy.; n.: Liberty granted by which restraint or illegality is removed; permission; allowance; license.; n.: The act of leaving or departing; a formal parting; a leaving; farewell; adieu; -- used chiefly in the phrase to take leave i. e. literally to take permission to go.; v.: To withdraw one's self from; to go away from; to depart from; as to leave the house.; v.: To let remain unremoved or undone; to let stay or continue in distinction from what is removed or changed.; v.: To cease from; to desist from; to abstain from.; v.: To desert; to abandon; to forsake; hence to give up; to relinquish.; v.: To let be or do without interference; as I left him to his reflections; I leave my hearers to judge.; v.: To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver; to commit; to submit -- with a sense of withdrawing one's self from; as leave your hat in the hall; we left our cards; to leave the matter to arbitrators.; v.: To have remaining at death; hence to bequeath; as he left a large estate; he left a good name; he left a legacy to his niece.; v. i.: To depart; to set out.; v. i.: To cease; to desist; to leave off.
Found on page(s): [17, 26, 53]

neer - neer, Definition(s): adv. & a.: Nearer.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 16, 17, 23, 25, 29, 35, 49]

kindle - kindle, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: To bring forth young.; v. t.: To set on fire; to cause to burn with flame; to ignite; to cause to begin burning; to start; to light; as to kindle a match or shavings.; v. t.: Fig.: To inflame as the passions; to rouse; to provoke; to excite to action; to heat; to fire; to animate; to incite; as to kindle anger or wrath; to kindle the flame of love or love into a flame.; v. i.: To take fire; to begin to burn with flame; to start as a flame.; v. i.: Fig.: To begin to be excited; to grow warm or animated; to be roused or exasperated.
Found on page(s): [16]

nuptial - nuptial, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to marriage; done or used at a wedding; as nuptial rites and ceremonies.; n.: Marriage; wedding; nuptial ceremony; -- now only in the plural.
Found on page(s): [41]

swift - swift, Definition(s): v. i.: Moving a great distance in a short time; moving with celerity or velocity; fleet; rapid; quick; speedy; prompt.; v. i.: Of short continuance; passing away quickly.; adv.: Swiftly.; n.: The current of a stream.; n.: Any one of numerous species of small long-winged insectivorous birds of the family Micropodidae. In form and habits the swifts resemble swallows but they are destitute of complex vocal muscles and are not singing birds but belong to a widely different group allied to the humming birds.; n.: Any one of several species of lizards as the pine lizard.; n.: The ghost moth. See under Ghost.; n.: A reel or turning instrument for winding yarn thread etc.; -- used chiefly in the plural.; n.: The main card cylinder of a flax-carding machine.
Found on page(s): [5, 50]

faint - faint, Definition(s): superl.: Lacking strength; weak; languid; inclined to swoon; as faint with fatigue hunger or thirst.; superl.: Wanting in courage spirit or energy; timorous; cowardly; dejected; depressed; as Faint heart ne'er won fair lady.; superl.: Lacking distinctness; hardly perceptible; striking the senses feebly; not bright or loud or sharp or forcible; weak; as a faint color or sound.; superl.: Performed done or acted in a weak or feeble manner; not exhibiting vigor strength or energy; slight; as faint efforts; faint resistance.; n.: The act of fainting or the state of one who has fainted; a swoon. [R.] See Fainting n.; v. i.: To become weak or wanting in vigor; to grow feeble; to lose strength and color and the control of the bodily or mental functions; to swoon; -- sometimes with away. See Fainting n.; n.: To sink into dejection; to lose courage or spirit; to become depressed or despondent.; n.: To decay; to disappear; to vanish.; v. t.: To cause to faint or become dispirited; to depress; to weaken.
Found on page(s): [9, 43, 52]

ausonian - ausonian, Definition(s): a.: Italian.
Found on page(s): [42]

effulgence - effulgence, Definition(s): n.: The state of being effulgent; extreme brilliancy; a flood of light; great luster or brightness; splendor.
Found on page(s): [19, 25, 34]

minister - minister, Definition(s): n.: A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence an agent an instrument.; n.: An officer of justice.; n.: One to whom the sovereign or executive head of a government intrusts the management of affairs of state or some department of such affairs.; n.: A representative of a government sent to the court or seat of government of a foreign nation to transact diplomatic business.; n.: One who serves at the altar; one who performs sacerdotal duties; the pastor of a church duly authorized or licensed to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments.; n.: To furnish or apply; to afford; to supply; to administer.; v. i.: To act as a servant attendant or agent; to attend and serve; to perform service in any office sacred or secular.; v. i.: To supply or to things needful; esp. to supply consolation or remedies.
Found on page(s): [36]

shade - shade, Definition(s): n.: Comparative obscurity owing to interception or interruption of the rays of light; partial darkness caused by the intervention of something between the space contemplated and the source of light.; n.: Darkness; obscurity; -- often in the plural.; n.: An obscure place; a spot not exposed to light; hence a secluded retreat.; n.: That which intercepts or shelters from light or the direct rays of the sun; hence also that which protects from heat or currents of air; a screen; protection; shelter; cover; as a lamp shade.; n.: Shadow.; n.: The soul after its separation from the body; -- so called because the ancients it to be perceptible to the sight though not to the touch; a spirit; a ghost; as the shades of departed heroes.; n.: The darker portion of a picture; a less illuminated part. See Def. 1 above.; n.: Degree or variation of color as darker or lighter stronger or paler; as a delicate shade of pink.; n.: A minute difference or variation as of thought belief expression etc.; also the quality or degree of anything which is distinguished from others similar by slight differences; as the shades of meaning in synonyms.; v. t.: To shelter or screen by intercepting the rays of light; to keep off illumination from.; v. t.: To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen; to hide; as to shade one's eyes.; v. t.: To obscure; to dim the brightness of.; v. t.: To pain in obscure colors; to darken.; v. t.: To mark with gradations of light or color.; v. t.: To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent.
Found on page(s): [34]

respect - respect, Definition(s): v. t.: To take notice of; to regard with special attention; to regard as worthy of special consideration; hence to care for; to heed.; v. t.: To consider worthy of esteem; to regard with honor.; v. t.: To look toward; to front upon or toward.; v. t.: To regard; to consider; to deem.; v. t.: To have regard to; to have reference to; to relate to; as the treaty particularly respects our commerce.; v.: The act of noticing with attention; the giving particular consideration to; hence care; caution.; v.: Esteem; regard; consideration; honor.; v.: An expression of respect of deference; regards; as to send one's respects to another.; v.: Reputation; repute.; v.: Relation; reference; regard.; v.: Particular; point regarded; point of view; as in this respect; in any respect; in all respects.; v.: Consideration; motive; interest.
Found on page(s): [49]

volume - volume, Definition(s): n.: A roll; a scroll; a written document rolled up for keeping or for use after the manner of the ancients.; n.: Hence a collection of printed sheets bound together whether containing a single work or a part of a work or more than one work; a book; a tome; especially that part of an extended work which is bound up together in one cover; as a work in four volumes.; n.: Anything of a rounded or swelling form resembling a roll; a turn; a convolution; a coil.; n.: Dimensions; compass; space occupied as measured by cubic units that is cubic inches feet yards etc.; mass; bulk; as the volume of an elephant's body; a volume of gas.; n.: Amount fullness quantity or caliber of voice or tone.
Found on page(s): [7, 46]

risen - risen, Definition(s): : p. p. & a. from Rise.; p. p. & a.: Obs. imp. pl. of Rise.
Found on page(s): [2, 40, 49]

mutual - mutual, Definition(s): a.: Reciprocally acting or related; reciprocally receiving and giving; reciprocally given and received; reciprocal; interchanged; as a mutual love advantage assistance aversion etc.; a.: Possessed experienced or done by two or more persons or things at the same time; common; joint; as mutual happiness; a mutual effort.
Found on page(s): [44]

port - port, Definition(s): n.: A dark red or purple astringent wine made in Portugal. It contains a large percentage of alcohol.; v.: A place where ships may ride secure from storms; a sheltered inlet bay or cove; a harbor; a haven. Used also figuratively.; v.: In law and commercial usage a harbor where vessels are admitted to discharge and receive cargoes from whence they depart and where they finish their voyages.; n.: A passageway; an opening or entrance to an inclosed place; a gate; a door; a portal.; n.: An opening in the side of a vessel; an embrasure through which cannon may be discharged; a porthole; also the shutters which close such an opening.; n.: A passageway in a machine through which a fluid as steam water etc. may pass as from a valve to the interior of the cylinder of a steam engine; an opening in a valve seat or valve face.; v. t.: To carry; to bear; to transport.; v. t.: To throw as a musket diagonally across the body with the lock in front the right hand grasping the small of the stock and the barrel sloping upward and crossing the point of the left shoulder; as to port arms.; n.: The manner in which a person bears himself; deportment; carriage; bearing; demeanor; hence manner or style of living; as a proud port.; n.: The larboard or left side of a ship (looking from the stern toward the bow); as a vessel heels to port. See Note under Larboard. Also used adjectively.; v. t.: To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; -- said of the helm and used chiefly in the imperative as a command; as port your helm.
Found on page(s): [23]

removable - removable, Definition(s): a.: Admitting of being removed.
Found on page(s): [18]

loose - loose, Definition(s): superl.: Unbound; untied; unsewed; not attached fastened fixed or confined; as the loose sheets of a book.; superl.: Free from constraint or obligation; not bound by duty habit etc. ; -- with from or of.; superl.: Not tight or close; as a loose garment.; superl.: Not dense close compact or crowded; as a cloth of loose texture.; superl.: Not precise or exact; vague; indeterminate; as a loose style or way of reasoning.; superl.: Not strict in matters of morality; not rigid according to some standard of right.; superl.: Unconnected; rambling.; superl.: Lax; not costive; having lax bowels.; superl.: Dissolute; unchaste; as a loose man or woman.; superl.: Containing or consisting of obscene or unchaste language; as a loose epistle.; n.: Freedom from restraint.; n.: A letting go; discharge.; a.: To untie or unbind; to free from any fastening; to remove the shackles or fastenings of; to set free; to relieve.; a.: To release from anything obligatory or burdensome; to disengage; hence to absolve; to remit.; a.: To relax; to loosen; to make less strict.; a.: To solve; to interpret.; v. i.: To set sail.
Found on page(s): [50, 54]

therefore - therefore, Definition(s): adv.: For that or this reason referring to something previously stated; for that.; adv.: Consequently; by consequence.
Found on page(s): [3, 7, 10, 13, 17, 18, 19, 25, 27, 28, 31, 32, 34, 41, 42, 51, 55]

trust - trust, Definition(s): n.: Assured resting of the mind on the integrity veracity justice friendship or other sound principle of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance.; n.: Credit given; especially delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as to sell or buy goods on trust.; n.: Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent as if present or actual; hope; belief.; n.: That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit.; n.: The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office.; n.: That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope.; n.: An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it or dispose of the profits at the will or for the benefit of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person who is termed the trustee for the benefit of another who is called the cestui que trust.; n.: An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities etc.; as a sugar trust.; a.: Held in trust; as trust property; trustmoney.; n.: To place confidence in; to rely on to confide or repose faith in; as we can not trust those who have deceived us.; n.: To give credence to; to believe; to credit.; n.: To hope confidently; to believe; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object.; n.: to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something.; n.: To commit as to one's care; to intrust.; n.: To give credit to; to sell to upon credit or in confidence of future payment; as merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods.; n.: To risk; to venture confidently.; v. i.: To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.; v. i.: To be confident as of something future; to hope.; v. i.: To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.
Found on page(s): [19, 23]

outspread - outspread, Definition(s): v. t.: To spread out; to expand; -- usually as a past part. / adj.
Found on page(s): [34]

primal - primal, Definition(s): a.: First; primary; original; chief.
Found on page(s): [4, 15, 16, 27, 43, 48]

numberless - numberless, Definition(s): a.: Innumerable; countless.
Found on page(s): [6]

treachery - treachery, Definition(s): n.: Violation of allegiance or of faith and confidence; treasonable or perfidious conduct; perfidy; treason.
Found on page(s): [32]

soldiery - soldiery, Definition(s): n.: A body of soldiers; soldiers collectivelly; the military.; n.: Military service.
Found on page(s): [35]

stretch - stretch, Definition(s): v. t.: To reach out; to extend; to put forth.; v. t.: To draw out to the full length; to cause to extend in a straight line; as to stretch a cord or rope.; v. t.: To cause to extend in breadth; to spread; to expand; as to stretch cloth; to stretch the wings.; v. t.: To make tense; to tighten; to distend forcibly.; v. t.: To draw or pull out to greater length; to strain; as to stretch a tendon or muscle.; v. t.: To exaggerate; to extend too far; as to stretch the truth; to stretch one's credit.; v. i.: To be extended; to be drawn out in length or in breadth or both; to spread; to reach; as the iron road stretches across the continent; the lake stretches over fifty square miles.; v. i.: To extend or spread one's self or one's limbs; as the lazy man yawns and stretches.; v. i.: To be extended or to bear extension without breaking as elastic or ductile substances.; v. i.: To strain the truth; to exaggerate; as a man apt to stretch in his report of facts.; v. i.: To sail by the wind under press of canvas; as the ship stretched to the eastward.; n.: Act of stretching or state of being stretched; reach; effort; struggle; strain; as a stretch of the limbs; a stretch of the imagination.; n.: A continuous line or surface; a continuous space of time; as grassy stretches of land.; n.: The extent to which anything may be stretched.; n.: The reach or extent of a vessel's progress on one tack; a tack or board.; n.: Course; direction; as the stretch of seams of coal.
Found on page(s): [7]

basely - basely, Definition(s): adv.: In a base manner; with despicable meanness; dishonorably; shamefully.; adv.: Illegitimately; in bastardy.
Found on page(s): [45]

estrange - estrange, Definition(s): v. t.: To withdraw; to withhold; hence reflexively to keep at a distance; to cease to be familiar and friendly with.; v. t.: To divert from its original use or purpose or from its former possessor; to alienate.; v. t.: To alienate the affections or confidence of; to turn from attachment to enmity or indifference.
Found on page(s): [32]

vow - vow, Definition(s): n.: A solemn promise made to God or to some deity; an act by which one consecrates or devotes himself absolutely or conditionally wholly or in part for a longer or shorter time to some act service or condition; a devotion of one's possessions; as a baptismal vow; a vow of poverty.; n.: Specifically a promise of fidelity; a pledge of love or affection; as the marriage vow.; n.: To give consecrate or dedicate to God or to some deity by a solemn promise; to devote; to promise solemnly.; n.: To assert solemnly; to asseverate.; v. i.: To make a vow or solemn promise.
Found on page(s): [9, 11, 16, 17, 18]

furthest - furthest, Definition(s): a.: superl. Most remote; most in advance; farthest. See Further a.; adv.: At the greatest distance; farthest.
Found on page(s): [13]

pour - pour, Definition(s): a.: Poor.; v. i.: To pore.; v. t.: To cause to flow in a stream as a liquid or anything flowing like a liquid either out of a vessel or into it; as to pour water from a pail; to pour wine into a decanter; to pour oil upon the waters; to pour out sand or dust.; v. t.: To send forth as in a stream or a flood; to emit; to let escape freely or wholly.; v. t.: To send forth from as in a stream; to discharge uninterruptedly.; v. i.: To flow pass or issue in a stream or as a stream; to fall continuously and abundantly; as the rain pours; the people poured out of the theater.; n.: A stream or something like a stream; a flood.
Found on page(s): [36]

toil - toil, Definition(s): n.: A net or snare; any thread web or string spread for taking prey; -- usually in the plural.; v. i.: To exert strength with pain and fatigue of body or mind especially of the body with efforts of some continuance or duration; to labor; to work.; v. t.: To weary; to overlabor.; v. t.: To labor; to work; -- often with out.; v.: Labor with pain and fatigue; labor that oppresses the body or mind esp. the body.
Found on page(s): [36, 42, 47, 53]

rich - rich, Definition(s): superl.: Having an abundance of material possessions; possessed of a large amount of property; well supplied with land goods or money; wealthy; opulent; affluent; -- opposed to poor.; superl.: Hence in general well supplied; abounding; abundant; copious; bountiful; as a rich treasury; a rich entertainment; a rich crop.; superl.: Yielding large returns; productive or fertile; fruitful; as rich soil or land; a rich mine.; superl.: Composed of valuable or costly materials or ingredients; procured at great outlay; highly valued; precious; sumptuous; costly; as a rich dress; rich silk or fur; rich presents.; superl.: Abounding in agreeable or nutritive qualities; -- especially applied to articles of food or drink which are high-seasoned or abound in oleaginous ingredients or are sweet luscious and high-flavored; as a rich dish; rich cream or soup; rich pastry; rich wine or fruit.; superl.: Not faint or delicate; vivid; as a rich color.; superl.: Full of sweet and harmonius sounds; as a rich voice; rich music.; superl.: Abounding in beauty; gorgeous; as a rich landscape; rich scenery.; superl.: Abounding in humor; exciting amusement; entertaining; as the scene was a rich one; a rich incident or character.; v. t.: To enrich.
Found on page(s): [41]

praise - praise, Definition(s): v.: To commend; to applaud; to express approbation of; to laud; -- applied to a person or his acts.; v.: To extol in words or song; to magnify; to glorify on account of perfections or excellent works; to do honor to; to display the excellence of; -- applied especially to the Divine Being.; v.: To value; to appraise.; v.: Commendation for worth; approval expressed; honor rendered because of excellence or worth; laudation; approbation.; v.: Especially the joyful tribute of gratitude or homage rendered to the Divine Being; the act of glorifying or extolling the Creator; worship particularly worship by song distinction from prayer and other acts of worship; as a service of praise.; v.: The object ground or reason of praise.
Found on page(s): [13, 24]

steadfast - steadfast, Definition(s): a.: Firmly fixed or established; fast fixed; firm.; a.: Not fickle or wavering; constant; firm; resolute; unswerving; steady.
Found on page(s): [15]

horizon - horizon, Definition(s): n.: The circle which bounds that part of the earth's surface visible to a spectator from a given point; the apparent junction of the earth and sky.; n.: A plane passing through the eye of the spectator and at right angles to the vertical at a given place; a plane tangent to the earth's surface at that place; called distinctively the sensible horizon.; n.: A plane parallel to the sensible horizon of a place and passing through the earth's center; -- called also rational / celestial horizon.; n.: The unbroken line separating sky and water as seen by an eye at a given elevation no land being visible.; n.: The epoch or time during which a deposit was made.; n.: The chief horizontal line in a picture of any sort which determines in the picture the height of the eye of the spectator; in an extended landscape the representation of the natural horizon corresponds with this line.
Found on page(s): [34, 52]

truth - truth, Definition(s): n.: The quality or being true; as: -- (a) Conformity to fact or reality; exact accordance with that which is or has been; or shall be.; n.: Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example mood object of imitation or the like.; n.: Fidelity; constancy; steadfastness; faithfulness.; n.: The practice of speaking what is true; freedom from falsehood; veracity.; n.: That which is true or certain concerning any matter or subject or generally on all subjects; real state of things; fact; verity; reality.; n.: A true thing; a verified fact; a true statement or proposition; an established principle fixed law or the like; as the great truths of morals.; n.: Righteousness; true religion.; v. t.: To assert as true; to declare.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 9, 14, 15, 16, 17, 24, 25, 30, 31, 38, 39, 43, 48, 50, 54, 55]

janus - janus, Definition(s): n.: A Latin deity represented with two faces looking in opposite directions. Numa is said to have dedicated to Janus the covered passage at Rome near the Forum which is usually called the Temple of Janus. This passage was open in war and closed in peace.
Found on page(s): [22]

pledge - pledge, Definition(s): n.: The transfer of possession of personal property from a debtor to a creditor as security for a debt or engagement; also the contract created between the debtor and creditor by a thing being so delivered or deposited forming a species of bailment; also that which is so delivered or deposited; something put in pawn.; n.: A person who undertook or became responsible for another; a bail; a surety; a hostage.; n.: A hypothecation without transfer of possession.; n.: Anything given or considered as a security for the performance of an act; a guarantee; as mutual interest is the best pledge for the performance of treaties.; n.: A promise or agreement by which one binds one's self to do or to refrain from doing something; especially a solemn promise in writing to refrain from using intoxicating liquors or the like; as to sign the pledge; the mayor had made no pledges.; n.: A sentiment to which assent is given by drinking one's health; a toast; a health.; n.: To deposit as a chattel in pledge or pawn; to leave in possession of another as security; as to pledge one's watch.; n.: To give or pass as a security; to guarantee; to engage; to plight; as to pledge one's word and honor.; n.: To secure performance of as by a pledge.; n.: To bind or engage by promise or declaration; to engage solemnly; as to pledge one's self.; n.: To invite another to drink by drinking of the cup first and then handing it to him as a pledge of good will; hence to drink the health of; to toast.
Found on page(s): [18, 44]

aloft - aloft, Definition(s): adv.: On high; in the air; high above the ground.; adv.: In the top; at the mast head or on the higher yards or rigging; overhead; hence (Fig. and Colloq.) in or to heaven.; prep.: Above; on top of.
Found on page(s): [33, 40]

slew - slew, Definition(s): : imp. of Slay.; v. t.: See Slue.
Found on page(s): [15]

oblation - oblation, Definition(s): n.: The act of offering or of making an offering.; n.: Anything offered or presented in worship or sacred service; an offering; a sacrifice.; n.: A gift or contribution made to a church as for the expenses of the eucharist or for the support of the clergy and the poor.
Found on page(s): [17]

told - told, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Tell.
Found on page(s): [20, 27, 36, 40, 43, 47, 48, 49]

tendency - tendency, Definition(s): n.: Direction or course toward any place object effect or result; drift; causal or efficient influence to bring about an effect or result.
Found on page(s): [21]

rib - rib, Definition(s): n.: One of the curved bones attached to the vertebral column and supporting the lateral walls of the thorax.; n.: That which resembles a rib in form or use.; n.: One of the timbers or bars of iron or steel that branch outward and upward from the keel to support the skin or planking and give shape and strength to the vessel.; n.: A ridge fin or wing as on a plate cylinder beam etc. to strengthen or stiffen it.; n.: One of the rods on which the cover of an umbrella is extended.; n.: A prominent line or ridge as in cloth.; n.: A longitudinal strip of metal uniting the barrels of a double-barreled gun.; n.: The chief nerve or one of the chief nerves of a leaf.; n.: Any longitudinal ridge in a plant.; n.: In Gothic vaulting one of the primary members of the vault. These are strong arches meeting and crossing one another dividing the whole space into triangles which are then filled by vaulted construction of lighter material. Hence an imitation of one of these in wood plaster or the like.; n.: A projecting mold or group of moldings forming with others a pattern as on a ceiling ornamental door or the like.; n.: Solid coal on the side of a gallery; solid ore in a vein.; n.: An elongated pillar of ore or coal left as a support.; n.: A wife; -- in allusion to Eve as made out of Adam's rib.; v. t.: To furnish with ribs; to form with rising lines and channels; as to rib cloth.; v. t.: To inclose as with ribs and protect; to shut in.
Found on page(s): [47]

faulty - faulty, Definition(s): a.: Containing faults blemishes or defects; imperfect; not fit for the use intended.; a.: Guilty of a fault or of faults; hence blamable; worthy of censure.
Found on page(s): [31]

newly - newly, Definition(s): adv.: Lately; recently.; adv.: Anew; afresh; freshly.
Found on page(s): [3]

afflation - afflation, Definition(s): n.: A blowing or breathing on; inspiration.
Found on page(s): [13]

tried - tried, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Try.; adj.: Proved; tested; faithful; trustworthy; as a tried friend.
Found on page(s): [26]

defect - defect, Definition(s): n.: Want or absence of something necessary for completeness or perfection; deficiency; -- opposed to superfluity.; n.: Failing; fault; imperfection whether physical or moral; blemish; as a defect in the ear or eye; a defect in timber or iron; a defect of memory or judgment.; v. i.: To fail; to become deficient.; v. t.: To injure; to damage.
Found on page(s): [36]

judge - judge, Definition(s): v. i.: A public officer who is invested with authority to hear and determine litigated causes and to administer justice between parties in courts held for that purpose.; v. i.: One who has skill knowledge or experience sufficient to decide on the merits of a question or on the quality or value of anything; one who discerns properties or relations with skill and readiness; a connoisseur; an expert; a critic.; v. i.: A person appointed to decide in a/trial of skill speed etc. between two or more parties; an umpire; as a judge in a horse race.; v. i.: One of supreme magistrates with both civil and military powers who governed Israel for more than four hundred years.; v. i.: The title of the seventh book of the Old Testament; the Book of Judges.; a.: To hear and determine as in causes on trial; to decide as a judge; to give judgment; to pass sentence.; a.: To assume the right to pass judgment on another; to sit in judgment or commendation; to criticise or pass adverse judgment upon others. See Judge v. t. 3.; v. t.: To compare facts or ideas and perceive their relations and attributes and thus distinguish truth from falsehood; to determine; to discern; to distinguish; to form an opinion about.; v. t.: To hear and determine by authority as a case before a court or a controversy between two parties.; v. t.: To examine and pass sentence on; to try; to doom.; v. t.: To arrogate judicial authority over; to sit in judgment upon; to be censorious toward.; v. t.: To determine upon or deliberation; to esteem; to think; to reckon.; v. t.: To exercise the functions of a magistrate over; to govern.
Found on page(s): [22, 50]

appellation - appellation, Definition(s): n.: The act of appealing; appeal.; n.: The act of calling by a name.; n.: The word by which a particular person or thing is called and known; name; title; designation.
Found on page(s): [28]

utterance - utterance, Definition(s): n.: The act of uttering.; n.: Sale by offering to the public.; n.: Putting in circulation; as the utterance of false coin or of forged notes.; n.: Vocal expression; articulation; speech.; n.: Power or style of speaking; as a good utterance.; n.: The last extremity; the end; death; outrance.
Found on page(s): [43]

nether - nether, Definition(s): a.: Situated down or below; lying beneath or in the lower part; having a lower position; belonging to the region below; lower; under; -- opposed to upper.
Found on page(s): [11]

contradict - contradict, Definition(s): v. t.: To assert the contrary of; to oppose in words; to take issue with; to gainsay; to deny the truth of as of a statement or a speaker; to impugn.; v. t.: To be contrary to; to oppose; to resist.; v. i.: To oppose in words; to gainsay; to deny or assert the contrary of something.
Found on page(s): [15, 17]

shape - shape, Definition(s): n.: To form or create; especially to mold or make into a particular form; to give proper form or figure to.; n.: To adapt to a purpose; to regulate; to adjust; to direct; as to shape the course of a vessel.; n.: To image; to conceive; to body forth.; n.: To design; to prepare; to plan; to arrange.; v. i.: To suit; to be adjusted or conformable.; n.: Character or construction of a thing as determining its external appearance; outward aspect; make; figure; form; guise; as the shape of a tree; the shape of the head; an elegant shape.; n.: That which has form or figure; a figure; an appearance; a being.; n.: A model; a pattern; a mold.; n.: Form of embodiment as in words; form as of thought or conception; concrete embodiment or example as of some quality.; n.: Dress for disguise; guise.; n.: A rolled or hammered piece as a bar beam angle iron etc. having a cross section different from merchant bar.; n.: A piece which has been roughly forged nearly to the form it will receive when completely forged or fitted.
Found on page(s): [9, 12, 20, 21, 51]

nothing - nothing, Definition(s): n.: Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.; n.: Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.; n.: A thing of no account value or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.; n.: A cipher; naught.; adv.: In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Found on page(s): [9]

nay - nay, Definition(s): adv.: No; -- a negative answer to a question asked or a request made now superseded by no. See Yes.; adv.: Not this merely but also; not only so but; -- used to mark the addition or substitution of a more explicit or more emphatic phrase.; n.: Denial; refusal.; n.: a negative vote; one who votes in the negative.; v. t. & i.: To refuse.
Found on page(s): [49]

whereabout - whereabout, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [44]

forth - forth, Definition(s): adv.: Forward; onward in time place or order; in advance from a given point; on to end; as from that day forth; one two three and so forth.; adv.: Out as from a state of concealment retirement confinement nondevelopment or the like; out into notice or view; as the plants in spring put forth leaves.; adv.: Beyond a (certain) boundary; away; abroad; out.; adv.: Throughly; from beginning to end.; prep.: Forth from; out of.; n.: A way; a passage or ford.
Found on page(s): [1, 9, 12, 13, 15, 16, 19, 21, 25, 29, 32, 42, 43, 45, 50, 56]

indite - indite, Definition(s): v. t.: To compose; to write; to be author of; to dictate; to prompt.; v. t.: To invite or ask.; v. t.: To indict; to accuse; to censure.; v. i.: To compose; to write as a poem.
Found on page(s): [36]

melody - melody, Definition(s): n.: A sweet or agreeable succession of sounds.; n.: A rhythmical succession of single tones ranging for the most part within a given key and so related together as to form a musical whole having the unity of what is technically called a musical thought at once pleasing to the ear and characteristic in expression.; n.: The air or tune of a musical piece.
Found on page(s): [51, 53]

spot - spot, Definition(s): n.: A mark on a substance or body made by foreign matter; a blot; a place discolored.; n.: A stain on character or reputation; something that soils purity; disgrace; reproach; fault; blemish.; n.: A small part of a different color from the main part or from the ground upon which it is; as the spots of a leopard; the spots on a playing card.; n.: A small extent of space; a place; any particular place.; n.: A variety of the common domestic pigeon so called from a spot on its head just above its beak.; n.: A sciaenoid food fish (Liostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. It has a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides. Called also goody Lafayette masooka and old wife.; n.: The southern redfish or red horse which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail. See Redfish.; n.: Commodities as merchandise and cotton sold for immediate delivery.; v. t.: To make visible marks upon with some foreign matter; to discolor in or with spots; to stain; to cover with spots or figures; as to spot a garnment; to spot paper.; v. t.: To mark or note so as to insure recognition; to recognize; to detect; as to spot a criminal.; v. t.: To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish as reputation; to asperse.; v. i.: To become stained with spots.
Found on page(s): [11]

driven - driven, Definition(s): p. p.: of Drive. Also adj.
Found on page(s): [25, 39]

catholic - catholic, Definition(s): a.: Universal or general; as the catholic faith.; a.: Not narrow-minded partial or bigoted; liberal; as catholic tastes.; a.: Of or pertaining to or affecting the Roman Catholics; as the Catholic emancipation act.; n.: A person who accepts the creeds which are received in common by all parts of the orthodox Christian church.; n.: An adherent of the Roman Catholic church; a Roman Catholic.
Found on page(s): [45]

mighty - mighty, Definition(s): n.: Possessing might; having great power or authority.; n.: Accomplished by might; hence extraordinary; wonderful.; n.: Denoting and extraordinary degree or quality in respect of size character importance consequences etc.; n.: A warrior of great force and courage.; adv.: In a great degree; very.
Found on page(s): [1, 11, 12, 22, 30, 35, 36, 45, 53]

barefooted - barefooted, Definition(s): a.: Having the feet bare.
Found on page(s): [46]

aid - aid, Definition(s): v. t.: To support either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist.; v. t.: Help; succor; assistance; relief.; v. t.: The person or thing that promotes or helps in something done; a helper; an assistant.; v. t.: A subsidy granted to the king by Parliament; also an exchequer loan.; v. t.: A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his lord on special occasions.; v. t.: An aid-de-camp so called by abbreviation; as a general's aid.
Found on page(s): [1, 10, 15, 19, 51]

partial - partial, Definition(s): n.: Of pertaining to or affecting a part only; not general or universal; not total or entire; as a partial eclipse of the moon.; n.: Inclined to favor one party in a cause or one side of a question more then the other; baised; not indifferent; as a judge should not be partial.; n.: Having a predelection for; inclined to favor unreasonably; foolishly fond.; n.: Pertaining to a subordinate portion; as a compound umbel is made up of a several partial umbels; a leaflet is often supported by a partial petiole.
Found on page(s): [23]

skillet - skillet, Definition(s): n.: A small vessel of iron copper or other metal with a handle used for culinary purpose as for stewing meat.
Found on page(s): [33]

aim - aim, Definition(s): v. i.: To point or direct a missile weapon or a weapon which propels as missile towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it; as to aim at a fox or at a target.; v. i.: To direct the indention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor; -- followed by at or by an infinitive; as to aim at distinction; to aim to do well.; v. i.: To guess or conjecture.; v. t.: To direct or point as a weapon at a particular object; to direct as a missile an act or a proceeding at to or against an object; as to aim a musket or an arrow the fist or a blow (at something); to aim a satire or a reflection (at some person or vice).; v. i.: The pointing of a weapon as a gun a dart or an arrow in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything as a spear a blow a discourse a remark towards a particular point or object with a view to strike or affect it.; v. i.: The point intended to be hit or object intended to be attained or affected.; v. i.: Intention; purpose; design; scheme.; v. i.: Conjecture; guess.
Found on page(s): [4, 23, 31, 46]

retain - retain, Definition(s): v. t.: To continue to hold; to keep in possession; not to lose part with or dismiss; to retrain from departure escape or the like.; v. t.: To keep in pay; to employ by a preliminary fee paid; to hire; to engage; as to retain a counselor.; v. t.: To restrain; to prevent.; v. i.: To belong; to pertain.; v. i.: To keep; to continue; to remain.
Found on page(s): [47]

crude - crude, Definition(s): superl.: In its natural state; not cooked or prepared by fire or heat; undressed; not altered refined or prepared for use by any artificial process; raw; as crude flesh.; superl.: Unripe; not mature or perfect; immature.; superl.: Not reduced to order or form; unfinished; not arranged or prepared; ill-considered; immature.; superl.: Undigested; unconcocted; not brought into a form to give nourishment.; superl.: Having or displaying superficial and undigested knowledge; without culture or profundity; as a crude reasoner.; superl.: Harsh and offensive as a color; tawdry or in bad taste as a combination of colors or any design or work of art.
Found on page(s): [17]

yield - yield, Definition(s): v. t.: To give in return for labor expended; to produce as payment or interest on what is expended or invested; to pay; as money at interest yields six or seven per cent.; v. t.: To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.; v. t.: To give up as something that is claimed or demanded; to make over to one who has a claim or right; to resign; to surrender; to relinquish; as a city an opinion etc.; v. t.: To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.; v. t.: To permit; to grant; as to yield passage.; v. t.: To give a reward to; to bless.; v. i.: To give up the contest; to submit; to surrender; to succumb.; v. i.: To comply with; to assent; as I yielded to his request.; v. i.: To give way; to cease opposition; to be no longer a hindrance or an obstacle; as men readily yield to the current of opinion or to customs; the door yielded.; v. i.: To give place as inferior in rank or excellence; as they will yield to us in nothing.; n.: Amount yielded; product; -- applied especially to products resulting from growth or cultivation.
Found on page(s): [14]

amiss - amiss, Definition(s): adv.: Astray; faultily; improperly; wrongly; ill.; a.: Wrong; faulty; out of order; improper; as it may not be amiss to ask advice.; n.: A fault wrong or mistake.
Found on page(s): [15]

ere - ere, Definition(s): adv.: Before; sooner than.; adv.: Rather than.; v. t.: To plow. [Obs.] See Ear v. t.
Found on page(s): [12, 17, 19, 20, 23, 33, 43, 46, 50, 52, 55, 56]

speak - speak, Definition(s): v. i.: To utter words or articulate sounds as human beings; to express thoughts by words; as the organs may be so obstructed that a man may not be able to speak.; v. i.: To express opinions; to say; to talk; to converse.; v. i.: To utter a speech discourse or harangue; to adress a public assembly formally.; v. i.: To discourse; to make mention; to tell.; v. i.: To give sound; to sound.; v. i.: To convey sentiments ideas or intelligence as if by utterance; as features that speak of self-will.; v. t.: To utter with the mouth; to pronounce; to utter articulately as human beings.; v. t.: To utter in a word or words; to say; to tell; to declare orally; as to speak the truth; to speak sense.; v. t.: To declare; to proclaim; to publish; to make known; to exhibit; to express in any way.; v. t.: To talk or converse in; to utter or pronounce as in conversation; as to speak Latin.; v. t.: To address; to accost; to speak to.
Found on page(s): [9, 13, 24, 30, 37, 38, 41, 45, 47]

sacred - sacred, Definition(s): a.: Set apart by solemn religious ceremony; especially in a good sense made holy; set apart to religious use; consecrated; not profane or common; as a sacred place; a sacred day; sacred service.; a.: Relating to religion or to the services of religion; not secular; religious; as sacred history.; a.: Designated or exalted by a divine sanction; possessing the highest title to obedience honor reverence or veneration; entitled to extreme reverence; venerable.; a.: Hence not to be profaned or violated; inviolable.; a.: Consecrated; dedicated; devoted; -- with to.; a.: Solemnly devoted in a bad sense as to evil vengeance curse or the like; accursed; baleful.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 20, 27, 44, 54, 55, 56]

thoroughly - thoroughly, Definition(s): adv.: In a thorough manner; fully; entirely; completely.
Found on page(s): [34]

err - err, Definition(s): v. i.: To wander; to roam; to stray.; v. i.: To deviate from the true course; to miss the thing aimed at.; v. i.: To miss intellectual truth; to fall into error; to mistake in judgment or opinion; to be mistaken.; v. i.: To deviate morally from the right way; to go astray in a figurative sense; to do wrong; to sin.; v. i.: To offend as by erring.
Found on page(s): [6, 23]

linger - linger, Definition(s): a.: To delay; to loiter; to remain or wait long; to be slow or reluctant in parting or moving; to be slow in deciding; to be in suspense; to hesitate.; v. t.: To protract; to draw out.; v. t.: To spend or pass in a lingering manner; -- with out; as to linger out one's days on a sick bed.
Found on page(s): [28]

satisfaction - satisfaction, Definition(s): n.: The act of satisfying or the state of being satisfied; gratification of desire; contentment in possession and enjoyment; repose of mind resulting from compliance with its desires or demands.; n.: Settlement of a claim due or demand; payment; indemnification; adequate compensation.; n.: That which satisfies or gratifies; atonement.
Found on page(s): [18, 26, 48]

sharp - sharp, Definition(s): superl.: Having a very thin edge or fine point; of a nature to cut or pierce easily; not blunt or dull; keen.; superl.: Terminating in a point or edge; not obtuse or rounded; somewhat pointed or edged; peaked or ridged; as a sharp hill; sharp features.; superl.: Affecting the sense as if pointed or cutting keen penetrating acute: to the taste or smell pungent acid sour as ammonia has a sharp taste and odor; to the hearing piercing shrill as a sharp sound or voice; to the eye instantaneously brilliant dazzling as a sharp flash.; superl.: High in pitch; acute; as a sharp note or tone.; superl.: Raised a semitone in pitch; as C sharp (C/) which is a half step or semitone higher than C.; superl.: So high as to be out of tune or above true pitch; as the tone is sharp; that instrument is sharp. Opposed in all these senses to flat.; superl.: Very trying to the feelings; piercing; keen; severe; painful; distressing; as sharp pain weather; a sharp and frosty air.; superl.: Cutting in language or import; biting; sarcastic; cruel; harsh; rigorous; severe; as a sharp rebuke.; superl.: Of keen perception; quick to discern or distinguish; having nice discrimination; acute; penetrating; sagacious; clever; as a sharp eye; sharp sight hearing or judgment.; superl.: Eager in pursuit; keen in quest; impatient for gratification; keen; as a sharp appetite.; superl.: Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous.; superl.: Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interest; close and exact in dealing; shrewd; as a sharp dealer; a sharp customer.; superl.: Composed of hard angular grains; gritty; as sharp sand.; superl.: Steep; precipitous; abrupt; as a sharp ascent or descent; a sharp turn or curve.; superl.: Uttered in a whisper or with the breath alone without voice as certain consonants such as p k t f; surd; nonvocal; aspirated.; adv.: To a point or edge; piercingly; eagerly; sharply.; adv.: Precisely; exactly; as we shall start at ten o'clock sharp.; n.: A sharp tool or weapon.; n.: The character [/] used to indicate that the note before which it is placed is to be raised a half step or semitone in pitch.; n.: A sharp tone or note.; n.: A portion of a stream where the water runs very rapidly.; n.: A sewing needle having a very slender point; a needle of the most pointed of the three grades blunts betweens and sharps.; n.: Same as Middlings 1.; n.: An expert.; v. t.: To sharpen.; v. t.: To raise above the proper pitch; to elevate the tone of; especially to raise a half step or semitone above the natural tone.; v. i.: To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper.; v. i.: To sing above the proper pitch.
Found on page(s): [49]

recollect - recollect, Definition(s): v. t.: To recover or recall the knowledge of; to bring back to the mind or memory; to remember.; v. t.: Reflexively to compose one's self; to recover self-command; as to recollect one's self after a burst of anger; -- sometimes formerly in the perfect participle.; n.: A friar of the Strict Observance -- an order of Franciscans.
Found on page(s): [10]

resplendence - resplendence, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [1, 38]

bethink - bethink, Definition(s): v. t.: To call to mind; to recall or bring to recollection reflection or consideration; to think; to consider; -- generally followed by a reflexive pronoun often with of or that before the subject of thought.; v. i.: To think; to recollect; to consider.
Found on page(s): [15]

shed - shed, Definition(s): n.: A slight or temporary structure built to shade or shelter something; a structure usually open in front; an outbuilding; a hut; as a wagon shed; a wood shed.; v. t.: To separate; to divide.; v. t.: To part with; to throw off or give forth from one's self; to emit; to diffuse; to cause to emanate or flow; to pour forth or out; to spill; as the sun sheds light; she shed tears; the clouds shed rain.; v. t.: To let fall; to throw off as a natural covering of hair feathers shell; to cast; as fowls shed their feathers; serpents shed their skins; trees shed leaves.; v. t.: To cause to flow off without penetrating; as a tight roof or covering of oiled cloth sheeds water.; v. t.: To sprinkle; to intersperse; to cover.; v. t.: To divide as the warp threads so as to form a shed or passageway for the shuttle.; v. i.: To fall in drops; to pour.; v. i.: To let fall the parts as seeds or fruit; to throw off a covering or envelope.; n.: A parting; a separation; a division.; n.: The act of shedding or spilling; -- used only in composition as in bloodshed.; n.: That which parts divides or sheds; -- used in composition as in watershed.; n.: The passageway between the threads of the warp through which the shuttle is thrown having a sloping top and bottom made by raising and lowering the alternate threads.
Found on page(s): [15, 28]

quench - quench, Definition(s): v. t.: To extinguish; to overwhelm; to make an end of; -- said of flame and fire of things burning and figuratively of sensations and emotions; as to quench flame; to quench a candle; to quench thirst love hate etc.; v. t.: To cool suddenly as heated steel in tempering.; v. i.: To become extinguished; to go out; to become calm or cool.
Found on page(s): [24]

eyesight - eyesight, Definition(s): n.: Sight of the eye; the sense of seeing; view; observation.
Found on page(s): [2]

dulcimer - dulcimer, Definition(s): n.: An instrument having stretched metallic wires which are beaten with two light hammers held in the hands of the performer.; n.: An ancient musical instrument in use among the Jews. Dan. iii. 5. It is supposed to be the same with the psaltery.
Found on page(s): [53]

trial - trial, Definition(s): n.: The act of trying or testing in any manner.; n.: Any effort or exertion of strength for the purpose of ascertaining what can be done or effected.; n.: The act of testing by experience; proof; test.; n.: Examination by a test; experiment as in chemistry metallurgy etc.; n.: The state of being tried or tempted; exposure to suffering that tests strength patience faith or the like; affliction or temptation that exercises and proves the graces or virtues of men.; n.: That which tries or afflicts; that which harasses; that which tries the character or principles; that which tempts to evil; as his child's conduct was a sore trial.; n.: The formal examination of the matter in issue in a cause before a competent tribunal; the mode of determining a question of fact in a court of law; the examination in legal form of the facts in issue in a cause pending before a competent tribunal for the purpose of determining such issue.
Found on page(s): [7]

perception - perception, Definition(s): n.: The act of perceiving; cognizance by the senses or intellect; apperhension by the bodily organs or by the mind of what is presented to them; discernment; apperhension; cognition.; n.: The faculty of perceiving; the faculty or peculiar part of man's constitution by which he has knowledge through the medium or instrumentality of the bodily organs; the act of apperhending material objects or qualities through the senses; -- distinguished from conception.; n.: The quality state or capability of being affected by something external; sensation; sensibility.; n.: An idea; a notion.
Found on page(s): [14, 40]

dimness - dimness, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality / being dim; lack of brightness clearness or distinctness; dullness; obscurity.; n.: Dullness or want of clearness of vision or of intellectual perception.
Found on page(s): [12]

amongst - amongst, Definition(s): prep.: Mixed or mingled; surrounded by.; prep.: Conjoined or associated with or making part of the number of; in the number or class of.; prep.: Expressing a relation of dispersion distribution etc.; also a relation of reciprocal action.
Found on page(s): [24, 44]

admiring - admiring, Definition(s): a.: Expressing admiration; as an admiring glance.
Found on page(s): [38]

rear - rear, Definition(s): adv.: Early; soon.; n.: The back or hindmost part; that which is behind or last in order; -- opposed to front.; n.: Specifically the part of an army or fleet which comes last or is stationed behind the rest.; a.: Being behind or in the hindmost part; hindmost; as the rear rank of a company.; v. t.: To place in the rear; to secure the rear of.; v. t.: To raise; to lift up; to cause to rise become erect etc.; to elevate; as to rear a monolith.; v. t.: To erect by building; to set up; to construct; as to rear defenses or houses; to rear one government on the ruins of another.; v. t.: To lift and take up.; v. t.: To bring up to maturity as young; to educate; to instruct; to foster; as to rear offspring.; v. t.: To breed and raise; as to rear cattle.; v. t.: To rouse; to stir up.; v. i.: To rise up on the hind legs as a horse; to become erect.
Found on page(s): [41]

pierian - pierian, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to Pierides or Muses.
Found on page(s): [2]

took - took, Definition(s): : imp. of Take.
Found on page(s): [22, 25, 42, 55]

subjected - subjected, Definition(s): a.: Subjacent.; a.: Reduced to subjection; brought under the dominion of another.; a.: Exposed; liable; subject; obnoxious.
Found on page(s): [44]

clock - clock, Definition(s): n.: A machine for measuring time indicating the hour and other divisions by means of hands moving on a dial plate. Its works are moved by a weight or a spring and it is often so constructed as to tell the hour by the stroke of a hammer on a bell. It is not adapted like the watch to be carried on the person.; n.: A watch esp. one that strikes.; n.: The striking of a clock.; n.: A figure or figured work on the ankle or side of a stocking.; v. t.: To ornament with figured work as the side of a stocking.; v. t. & i.: To call as a hen. See Cluck.; n.: A large beetle esp. the European dung beetle (Scarabaeus stercorarius).
Found on page(s): [39]

alas - alas, Definition(s): interj.: An exclamation expressive of sorrow pity or apprehension of evil; -- in old writers sometimes followed by day or white; alas the day like alack a day or alas the white.
Found on page(s): [32]

shalt - shalt, Definition(s): : 2d per. sing. of Shall.
Found on page(s): [1, 7, 19, 48, 49]

tremulous - tremulous, Definition(s): a.: Shaking; shivering; quivering; as a tremulous limb; a tremulous motion of the hand or the lips; the tremulous leaf of the poplar.; a.: Affected with fear or timidity; trembling.
Found on page(s): [8]

tribe - tribe, Definition(s): n.: A family race or series of generations descending from the same progenitor and kept distinct as in the case of the twelve tribes of Israel descended from the twelve sons of Jacob.; n.: A number of species or genera having certain structural characteristics in common; as a tribe of plants; a tribe of animals.; n.: A nation of savages or uncivilized people; a body of rude people united under one leader or government; as the tribes of the Six Nations; the Seneca tribe.; n.: A division class or distinct portion of a people from whatever cause that distinction may have originated; as the city of Athens was divided into ten tribes.; n.: A family of animals descended from some particular female progenitor through the female line; as the Duchess tribe of shorthorns.; v. t.: To distribute into tribes or classes.
Found on page(s): [35, 42]

credence - credence, Definition(s): n.: Reliance of the mind on evidence of facts derived from other sources than personal knowledge; belief; credit; confidence.; n.: That which gives a claim to credit belief or confidence; as a letter of credence.; n.: The small table by the side of the altar or communion table on which the bread and wine are placed before being consecrated.; n.: A cupboard sideboard or cabinet particularly one intended for the display of rich vessels or plate and consisting chiefly of open shelves for that purpose.; v. t.: To give credence to; to believe.
Found on page(s): [55]

graciously - graciously, Definition(s): adv.: In a gracious manner; courteously; benignantly.; adv.: Fortunately; luckily.
Found on page(s): [14]

shame - shame, Definition(s): n.: A painful sensation excited by a consciousness of guilt or impropriety or of having done something which injures reputation or of the exposure of that which nature or modesty prompts us to conceal.; n.: Reproach incurred or suffered; dishonor; ignominy; derision; contempt.; n.: The cause or reason of shame; that which brings reproach and degrades a person in the estimation of others; disgrace.; n.: The parts which modesty requires to be covered; the private parts.; v. t.: To make ashamed; to excite in (a person) a comsciousness of guilt or impropriety or of conduct derogatory to reputation; to put to shame.; v. t.: To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace.; v. t.: To mock at; to deride.; n.: To be ashamed; to feel shame.
Found on page(s): [2]

torn - torn, Definition(s): : p. p. of Tear.
Found on page(s): [12]

rill - rill, Definition(s): n.: A very small brook; a streamlet.; n.: See Rille.; v. i.: To run a small stream.
Found on page(s): [15]

rob - rob, Definition(s): n.: The inspissated juice of ripe fruit obtained by evaporation of the juice over a fire till it acquires the consistence of a sirup. It is sometimes mixed with honey or sugar.; v. t.: To take (something) away from by force; to strip by stealing; to plunder; to pillage; to steal from.; v. t.: To take the property of (any one) from his person or in his presence feloniously and against his will by violence or by putting him in fear.; v. t.: To deprive of or withhold from unjustly or injuriously; to defraud; as to rob one of his rest or of his good name; a tree robs the plants near it of sunlight.; v. i.: To take that which belongs to another without right or permission esp. by violence.
Found on page(s): [40]

dumb - dumb, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of the power of speech; unable; to utter articulate sounds; as the dumb brutes.; a.: Not willing to speak; mute; silent; not speaking; not accompanied by words; as dumb show.; a.: Lacking brightness or clearness as a color.; v. t.: To put to silence.
Found on page(s): [18, 38]

quiver - quiver, Definition(s): a.: Nimble; active.; v. i.: To shake or move with slight and tremulous motion; to tremble; to quake; to shudder; to shiver.; n.: The act or state of quivering; a tremor.; n.: A case or sheath for arrows to be carried on the person.
Found on page(s): [8]

joyous - joyous, Definition(s): a.: Glad; gay; merry; joyful; also affording or inspiring joy; with of before the word or words expressing the cause of joy.
Found on page(s): [19, 28, 55]

ravishment - ravishment, Definition(s): n.: The act of carrying away by force or against consent; abduction; as the ravishment of children from their parents of a ward from his guardian or of a wife from her husband.; n.: The state of being ravished; rapture; transport of delight; ecstasy.; n.: The act of ravishing a woman; rape.
Found on page(s): [53]

eve - eve, Definition(s): n.: Evening.; n.: The evening before a holiday -- from the Jewish mode of reckoning the day as beginning at sunset. not at midnight; as Christians eve is the evening before Christmas; also the period immediately preceding some important event.
Found on page(s): [2]

illume - illume, Definition(s): v. t.: To throw or spread light upon; to make light or bright; to illuminate; to illumine.
Found on page(s): [16]

chose - chose, Definition(s): : of Choose.; n.: A thing; personal property.; : imp. & p. p. of Choose.
Found on page(s): [25, 45]

saying - saying, Definition(s): n.: That which is said; a declaration; a statement especially a proverbial one; an aphorism; a proverb.
Found on page(s): [48, 54]

universal - universal, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the universe; extending to including or affecting the whole number quantity or space; unlimited; general; all-reaching; all-pervading; as universal ruin; universal good; universal benevolence or benefice.; a.: Constituting or considered as a whole; total; entire; whole; as the universal world.; a.: Adapted or adaptable to all or to various uses shapes sizes etc.; as a universal milling machine.; a.: Forming the whole of a genus; relatively unlimited in extension; affirmed or denied of the whole of a subject; as a universal proposition; -- opposed to particular; e. g. (universal affirmative) All men are animals; (universal negative) No men are omniscient.; n.: The whole; the general system of the universe; the universe.; n.: A general abstract conception so called from being universally applicable to or predicable of each individual or species contained under it.; n.: A universal proposition. See Universal a. 4.
Found on page(s): [22, 36]

render - render, Definition(s): n.: One who rends.; v. t.: To return; to pay back; to restore.; v. t.: To inflict as a retribution; to requite.; v. t.: To give up; to yield; to surrender.; v. t.: Hence to furnish; to contribute.; v. t.: To furnish; to state; to deliver; as to render an account; to render judgment.; v. t.: To cause to be or to become; as to render a person more safe or more unsafe; to render a fortress secure.; v. t.: To translate from one language into another; as to render Latin into English.; v. t.: To interpret; to set forth represent or exhibit; as an actor renders his part poorly; a singer renders a passage of music with great effect; a painter renders a scene in a felicitous manner.; v. t.: To try out or extract (oil lard tallow etc.) from fatty animal substances; as to render tallow.; v. t.: To plaster as a wall of masonry without the use of lath.; v. i.: To give an account; to make explanation or confession.; v. i.: To pass; to run; -- said of the passage of a rope through a block eyelet etc.; as a rope renders well that is passes freely; also to yield or give way.; n.: A surrender.; n.: A return; a payment of rent.; n.: An account given; a statement.
Found on page(s): [23, 37]

guilt - guilt, Definition(s): v. t.: The criminality and consequent exposure to punishment resulting from willful disobedience of law or from morally wrong action; the state of one who has broken a moral or political law; crime; criminality; offense against right.; v. t.: Exposure to any legal penalty or forfeiture.
Found on page(s): [26]

haven - haven, Definition(s): n.: A bay recess or inlet of the sea or the mouth of a river which affords anchorage and shelter for shipping; a harbor; a port.; n.: A place of safety; a shelter; an asylum.; v. t.: To shelter as in a haven.
Found on page(s): [34]

abroad - abroad, Definition(s): adv.: At large; widely; broadly; over a wide space; as a tree spreads its branches abroad.; adv.: Without a certain confine; outside the house; away from one's abode; as to walk abroad.; adv.: Beyond the bounds of a country; in foreign countries; as we have broils at home and enemies abroad.; adv.: Before the public at large; throughout society or the world; here and there; widely.
Found on page(s): [37]

fifteen - fifteen, Definition(s): a.: Five and ten; one more than fourteen.; n.: The sum of five and ten; fifteen units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing fifteen units as 15 or xv.
Found on page(s): [47]

manifest - manifest, Definition(s): a.: Evident to the senses esp. to the sight; apparent; distinctly perceived; hence obvious to the understanding; apparent to the mind; easily apprehensible; plain; not obscure or hidden.; a.: Detected; convicted; -- with of.; a.: A public declaration; an open statement; a manifesto. See Manifesto.; a.: A list or invoice of a ship's cargo containing a description by marks numbers etc. of each package of goods to be exhibited at the customhouse.; v. t.: To show plainly; to make to appear distinctly -- usually to the mind; to put beyond question or doubt; to display; to exhibit.; v. t.: To exhibit the manifests or prepared invoices of; to declare at the customhouse.
Found on page(s): [30]

blunt - blunt, Definition(s): a.: Having a thick edge or point as an instrument; dull; not sharp.; a.: Dull in understanding; slow of discernment; stupid; -- opposed to acute.; a.: Abrupt in address; plain; unceremonious; wanting the forms of civility; rough in manners or speech.; a.: Hard to impress or penetrate.; v. t.: To dull the edge or point of by making it thicker; to make blunt.; v. t.: To repress or weaken as any appetite desire or power of the mind; to impair the force keenness or susceptibility of; as to blunt the feelings.; n.: A fencer's foil.; n.: A short needle with a strong point. See Needle.; n.: Money.
Found on page(s): [49]

contingent - contingent, Definition(s): a.: Possible or liable but not certain to occur; incidental; casual.; a.: Dependent on that which is undetermined or unknown; as the success of his undertaking is contingent upon events which he can not control.; a.: Dependent for effect on something that may or may not occur; as a contingent estate.; n.: An event which may or may not happen; that which is unforeseen undetermined or dependent on something future; a contingency.; n.: That which falls to one in a division or apportionment among a number; a suitable share; proportion; esp. a quota of troops.
Found on page(s): [49]

transport - transport, Definition(s): v. t.: To carry or bear from one place to another; to remove; to convey; as to transport goods; to transport troops.; v. t.: To carry or cause to be carried into banishment as a criminal; to banish.; v. t.: To carry away with vehement emotion as joy sorrow complacency anger etc.; to ravish with pleasure or ecstasy; as music transports the soul.; v.: Transportation; carriage; conveyance.; v.: A vessel employed for transporting especially for carrying soldiers warlike stores or provisions from one place to another or to convey convicts to their destination; -- called also transport ship transport vessel.; v.: Vehement emotion; passion; ecstasy; rapture.; v.: A convict transported or sentenced to exile.
Found on page(s): [54, 55]

duly - duly, Definition(s): adv.: In a due fit or becoming manner; as it (anything) ought to be; properly; regularly.
Found on page(s): [15, 41]

ladder - ladder, Definition(s): v. i.: A frame usually portable of wood metal or rope for ascent and descent consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened cross strips or rounds forming steps.; v. i.: That which resembles a ladder in form or use; hence that by means of which one attains to eminence.
Found on page(s): [38]

prune - prune, Definition(s): v. t.: To lop or cut off the superfluous parts branches or shoots of; to clear of useless material; to shape or smooth by trimming; to trim: as to prune trees; to prune an essay.; v. t.: To cut off or cut out as useless parts.; v. t.: To preen; to prepare; to dress.; v. i.: To dress; to prink; -used humorously or in contempt.; n.: A plum; esp. a dried plum used in cookery; as French or Turkish prunes; California prunes.
Found on page(s): [37]

martin - martin, Definition(s): n.: A perforated stone-faced runner for grinding.; n.: One of several species of swallows usually having the tail less deeply forked than the tail of the common swallows.
Found on page(s): [50]

appetite - appetite, Definition(s): n.: The desire for some personal gratification either of the body or of the mind.; n.: Desire for or relish of food or drink; hunger.; n.: Any strong desire; an eagerness or longing.; n.: Tendency; appetency.; n.: The thing desired.
Found on page(s): [11, 54]

needle - needle, Definition(s): n.: A small instrument of steel sharply pointed at one end with an eye to receive a thread -- used in sewing.; n.: See Magnetic needle under Magnetic.; n.: A slender rod or wire used in knitting; a knitting needle; also a hooked instrument which carries the thread or twine and by means of which knots or loops are formed in the process of netting knitting or crocheting.; n.: One of the needle-shaped secondary leaves of pine trees. See Pinus.; n.: Any slender pointed object like a needle as a pointed crystal a sharp pinnacle of rock an obelisk etc.; v. t.: To form in the shape of a needle; as to needle crystals.; v. i.: To form needles; to crystallize in the form of needles.
Found on page(s): [44]

dull - dull, Definition(s): superl.: Slow of understanding; wanting readiness of apprehension; stupid; doltish; blockish.; superl.: Slow in action; sluggish; unready; awkward.; superl.: Insensible; unfeeling.; superl.: Not keen in edge or point; lacking sharpness; blunt.; superl.: Not bright or clear to the eye; wanting in liveliness of color or luster; not vivid; obscure; dim; as a dull fire or lamp; a dull red or yellow; a dull mirror.; superl.: Heavy; gross; cloggy; insensible; spiritless; lifeless; inert.; superl.: Furnishing little delight spirit or variety; uninteresting; tedious; cheerless; gloomy; melancholy; depressing; as a dull story or sermon; a dull occupation or period; hence cloudy; overcast; as a dull day.; v. t.: To deprive of sharpness of edge or point.; v. t.: To make dull stupid or sluggish; to stupefy as the senses the feelings the perceptions and the like.; v. t.: To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish.; v. t.: To deprive of liveliness or activity; to render heavy; to make inert; to depress; to weary; to sadden.; v. i.: To become dull or stupid.
Found on page(s): [3, 28]

summon - summon, Definition(s): v. t.: To call bid or cite; to notify to come to appear; -- often with up.; v. t.: To give notice to or command to appear as in court; to cite by authority; as to summon witnesses.; v. t.: To call upon to surrender as a fort.
Found on page(s): [37]

reason - reason, Definition(s): n.: A thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; a just ground for a conclusion or an action; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation; the efficient cause of an occurrence or a phenomenon; a motive for an action or a determination; proof more or less decisive for an opinion or a conclusion; principle; efficient cause; final cause; ground of argument.; n.: The faculty or capacity of the human mind by which it is distinguished from the intelligence of the inferior animals; the higher as distinguished from the lower cognitive faculties sense imagination and memory and in contrast to the feelings and desires. Reason comprises conception judgment reasoning and the intuitional faculty. Specifically it is the intuitional faculty or the faculty of first truths as distinguished from the understanding which is called the discursive or ratiocinative faculty.; n.: Due exercise of the reasoning faculty; accordance with or that which is accordant with and ratified by the mind rightly exercised; right intellectual judgment; clear and fair deductions from true principles; that which is dictated or supported by the common sense of mankind; right conduct; right; propriety; justice.; n.: Ratio; proportion.; n.: To exercise the rational faculty; to deduce inferences from premises; to perform the process of deduction or of induction; to ratiocinate; to reach conclusions by a systematic comparison of facts.; n.: Hence: To carry on a process of deduction or of induction in order to convince or to confute; to formulate and set forth propositions and the inferences from them; to argue.; n.: To converse; to compare opinions.; v. t.: To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss; as I reasoned the matter with my friend.; v. t.: To support with reasons as a request.; v. t.: To persuade by reasoning or argument; as to reason one into a belief; to reason one out of his plan.; v. t.: To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons; -- with down; as to reason down a passion.; v. t.: To find by logical processes; to explain or justify by reason or argument; -- usually with out; as to reason out the causes of the librations of the moon.
Found on page(s): [6, 13, 21, 26, 31]

potency - potency, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being potent; physical or moral power; inherent strength; energy; ability to effect a purpose; capability; efficacy; influence.
Found on page(s): [27]

ring - ring, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to sound especially by striking as a metallic body; as to ring a bell.; v. t.: To make (a sound) as by ringing a bell; to sound.; v. t.: To repeat often loudly or earnestly.; v. i.: To sound as a bell or other sonorous body particularly a metallic one.; v. i.: To practice making music with bells.; v. i.: To sound loud; to resound; to be filled with a ringing or reverberating sound.; v. i.: To continue to sound or vibrate; to resound.; v. i.: To be filled with report or talk; as the whole town rings with his fame.; n.: A sound; especially the sound of vibrating metals; as the ring of a bell.; n.: Any loud sound; the sound of numerous voices; a sound continued repeated or reverberated.; n.: A chime or set of bells harmonically tuned.; n.: A circle or a circular line or anything in the form of a circular line or hoop.; n.: Specifically a circular ornament of gold or other precious material worn on the finger or attached to the ear the nose or some other part of the person; as a wedding ring.; n.: A circular area in which races are or run or other sports are performed; an arena.; n.: An inclosed space in which pugilists fight; hence figuratively prize fighting.; n.: A circular group of persons.; n.: The plane figure included between the circumferences of two concentric circles.; n.: The solid generated by the revolution of a circle or other figure about an exterior straight line (as an axis) lying in the same plane as the circle or other figure.; n.: An instrument formerly used for taking the sun's altitude consisting of a brass ring suspended by a swivel with a hole at one side through which a solar ray entering indicated the altitude on the graduated inner surface opposite.; n.: An elastic band partly or wholly encircling the spore cases of ferns. See Illust. of Sporangium.; n.: A clique; an exclusive combination of persons for a selfish purpose as to control the market distribute offices obtain contracts etc.; v. t.: To surround with a ring or as with a ring; to encircle.; v. t.: To make a ring around by cutting away the bark; to girdle; as to ring branches or roots.; v. t.: To fit with a ring or with rings as the fingers or a swine's snout.; v. i.: To rise in the air spirally.
Found on page(s): [28, 51]

farther - farther, Definition(s): superl.: More remote; more distant than something else.; superl.: Tending to a greater distance; beyond a certain point; additional; further.; adv.: At or to a greater distance; more remotely; beyond; as let us rest with what we have without looking farther.; adv.: Moreover; by way of progress in treating a subject; as farther let us consider the probable event.; v. t.: To help onward. [R.] See Further.
Found on page(s): [7]

shift - shift, Definition(s): v. t.: To divide; to distribute; to apportion.; v. t.: To change the place of; to move or remove from one place to another; as to shift a burden from one shoulder to another; to shift the blame.; v. t.: To change the position of; to alter the bearings of; to turn; as to shift the helm or sails.; v. t.: To exchange for another of the same class; to remove and to put some similar thing in its place; to change; as to shift the clothes; to shift the scenes.; v. t.: To change the clothing of; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To put off or out of the way by some expedient.; v. t.: The act of shifting.; v. t.: The act of putting one thing in the place of another or of changing the place of a thing; change; substitution.; v. t.: Something frequently shifted; especially a woman's under-garment; a chemise.; v. t.: The change of one set of workmen for another; hence a spell or turn of work; also a set of workmen who work in turn with other sets; as a night shift.; v. t.: In building the extent or arrangement of the overlapping of plank brick stones etc. that are placed in courses so as to break joints.; v. t.: A breaking off and dislocation of a seam; a fault.; v. t.: A change of the position of the hand on the finger board in playing the violin.
Found on page(s): [18]

taste - taste, Definition(s): v. t.: To try by the touch; to handle; as to taste a bow.; v. t.: To try by the touch of the tongue; to perceive the relish or flavor of (anything) by taking a small quantity into a mouth. Also used figuratively.; v. t.: To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of.; v. t.: To become acquainted with by actual trial; to essay; to experience; to undergo.; v. t.: To partake of; to participate in; -- usually with an implied sense of relish or pleasure.; v. i.: To try food with the mouth; to eat or drink a little only; to try the flavor of anything; as to taste of each kind of wine.; v. i.: To have a smack; to excite a particular sensation by which the specific quality or flavor is distinguished; to have a particular quality or character; as this water tastes brackish; the milk tastes of garlic.; v. i.: To take sparingly.; v. i.: To have perception experience or enjoyment; to partake; as to taste of nature's bounty.; n.: The act of tasting; gustation.; n.: A particular sensation excited by the application of a substance to the tongue; the quality or savor of any substance as perceived by means of the tongue; flavor; as the taste of an orange or an apple; a bitter taste; an acid taste; a sweet taste.; n.: The one of the five senses by which certain properties of bodies (called their taste savor flavor) are ascertained by contact with the organs of taste.; n.: Intellectual relish; liking; fondness; -- formerly with of now with for; as he had no taste for study.; n.: The power of perceiving and relishing excellence in human performances; the faculty of discerning beauty order congruity proportion symmetry or whatever constitutes excellence particularly in the fine arts and belles-letters; critical judgment; discernment.; n.: Manner with respect to what is pleasing refined or in accordance with good usage; style; as music composed in good taste; an epitaph in bad taste.; n.: Essay; trial; experience; experiment.; n.: A small portion given as a specimen; a little piece tastted of eaten; a bit.; n.: A kind of narrow and thin silk ribbon.
Found on page(s): [47]

apostleship - apostleship, Definition(s): n.: The office or dignity of an apostle.
Found on page(s): [45]

erect - erect, Definition(s): a.: Upright or having a vertical position; not inverted; not leaning or bent; not prone; as to stand erect.; a.: Directed upward; raised; uplifted.; a.: Bold; confident; free from depression; undismayed.; a.: Watchful; alert.; a.: Standing upright with reference to the earth's surface or to the surface to which it is attached.; a.: Elevated as the tips of wings heads of serpents etc.; v. t.: To raise and place in an upright or perpendicular position; to set upright; to raise; as to erect a pole a flagstaff a monument etc.; v. t.: To raise as a building; to build; to construct; as to erect a house or a fort; to set up; to put together the component parts of as of a machine.; v. t.: To lift up; to elevate; to exalt; to magnify.; v. t.: To animate; to encourage; to cheer.; v. t.: To set up as an assertion or consequence from premises or the like.; v. t.: To set up or establish; to found; to form; to institute.; v. i.: To rise upright.
Found on page(s): [9]

exalted - exalted, Definition(s): a.: Raised to lofty height; elevated; extolled; refined; dignified; sublime.
Found on page(s): [11]

naught - naught, Definition(s): adv.: Nothing.; adv.: The arithmetical character 0; a cipher. See Cipher.; adv.: In no degree; not at all.; a.: Of no value or account; worthless; bad; useless.; a.: Hence vile; base; naughty.
Found on page(s): [33, 37]

broil - broil, Definition(s): n.: A tumult; a noisy quarrel; a disturbance; a brawl; contention; discord either between individuals or in the state.; v. t.: To cook by direct exposure to heat over a fire esp. upon a gridiron over coals.; v. t.: To subject to great (commonly direct) heat.; v. i.: To be subjected to the action of heat as meat over the fire; to be greatly heated or to be made uncomfortable with heat.
Found on page(s): [46]

jar - jar, Definition(s): n.: A turn. [Only in phrase.; n.: A deep broad-mouthed vessel of earthenware or glass for holding fruit preserves etc. or for ornamental purposes; as a jar of honey; a rose jar.; n.: The measure of what is contained in a jar; as a jar of oil; a jar of preserves.; v. i.: To give forth a rudely quivering or tremulous sound; to sound harshly or discordantly; as the notes jarred on my ears.; v. i.: To act in opposition or disagreement; to clash; to interfere; to quarrel; to dispute.; v. t.: To cause a short tremulous motion of to cause to tremble as by a sudden shock or blow; to shake; to shock; as to jar the earth; to jar one's faith.; v. t.: To tick; to beat; to mark or tell off.; n.: A rattling tremulous vibration or shock; a shake; a harsh sound; a discord; as the jar of a train; the jar of harsh sounds.; n.: Clash of interest or opinions; collision; discord; debate; slight disagreement.; n.: A regular vibration as of a pendulum.; n.: In deep well boring a device resembling two long chain links for connecting a percussion drill to the rod or rope which works it so that the drill is driven down by impact and is jerked loose when jammed.
Found on page(s): [11]

gentle - gentle, Definition(s): superl.: Well-born; of a good family or respectable birth though not noble.; superl.: Quiet and refined in manners; not rough harsh or stern; mild; meek; bland; amiable; tender; as a gentle nature temper or disposition; a gentle manner; a gentle address; a gentle voice.; superl.: A compellative of respect consideration or conciliation; as gentle reader.; superl.: Not wild turbulent or refractory; quiet and docile; tame; peaceable; as a gentle horse.; superl.: Soft; not violent or rough; not strong loud or disturbing; easy; soothing; pacific; as a gentle touch; a gentle gallop .; n.: One well born; a gentleman.; n.: A trained falcon. See Falcon-gentil.; n.: A dipterous larva used as fish bait.; v. t.: To make genteel; to raise from the vulgar; to ennoble.; v. t.: To make smooth cozy or agreeable.; v. t.: To make kind and docile as a horse.
Found on page(s): [29, 44, 51, 52]

dance - dance, Definition(s): v. i.: To move with measured steps or to a musical accompaniment; to go through either alone or in company with others with a regulated succession of movements (commonly) to the sound of music; to trip or leap rhythmically.; v. i.: To move nimbly or merrily; to express pleasure by motion; to caper; to frisk; to skip about.; v. t.: To cause to dance or move nimbly or merrily about or up and down; to dandle.; v. i.: The leaping tripping or measured stepping of one who dances; an amusement in which the movements of the persons are regulated by art in figures and in accord with music.; v. i.: A tune by which dancing is regulated as the minuet the waltz the cotillon etc.
Found on page(s): [24, 38, 47]

fully - fully, Definition(s): adv.: In a full manner or degree; completely; entirely; without lack or defect; adequately; satisfactorily; as to be fully persuaded of the truth of a proposition.
Found on page(s): [25, 35, 56]

pearl - pearl, Definition(s): n.: A fringe or border.; v. t. : To fringe; to border.; n.: A shelly concretion usually rounded and having a brilliant luster with varying tints found in the mantle or between the mantle and shell of certain bivalve mollusks especially in the pearl oysters and river mussels and sometimes in certain univalves. It is usually due to a secretion of shelly substance around some irritating foreign particle. Its substance is the same as nacre or mother-of-pearl. Pearls which are round or nearly round and of fine luster are highly esteemed as jewels and compare in value with the precious stones.; n.: Hence figuratively something resembling a pearl; something very precious.; n.: Nacre or mother-of-pearl.; n.: A fish allied to the turbot; the brill.; n.: A light-colored tern.; n.: One of the circle of tubercles which form the bur on a deer's antler.; n.: A whitish speck or film on the eye.; n.: A capsule of gelatin or similar substance containing some liquid for medicinal application as ether.; n.: A size of type between agate and diamond.; a.: Of or pertaining to pearl or pearls; made of pearls or of mother-of-pearl.; v. t.: To set or adorn with pearls or with mother-of-pearl. Used also figuratively.; v. t.: To cause to resemble pearls; to make into small round grains; as to pearl barley.; v. i.: To resemble pearl or pearls.; v. i.: To give or hunt for pearls; as to go pearling.
Found on page(s): [6, 9, 23]

goodness - goodness, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being good in any of its various senses; excellence; virtue; kindness; benevolence; as the goodness of timber of a soil of food; goodness of character of disposition of conduct etc.
Found on page(s): [8, 17, 26]

lightning - lightning, Definition(s): n.: A discharge of atmospheric electricity accompanied by a vivid flash of light commonly from one cloud to another sometimes from a cloud to the earth. The sound produced by the electricity in passing rapidly through the atmosphere constitutes thunder.; n.: The act of making bright or the state of being made bright; enlightenment; brightening as of the mental powers.; vb. n.: Lightening.
Found on page(s): [3, 12, 22]

lading - lading, Definition(s): n.: The act of loading.; n.: That which lades or constitutes a load or cargo; freight; burden; as the lading of a ship.
Found on page(s): [42]

apt - apt, Definition(s): a.: Fit or fitted; suited; suitable; appropriate.; a.: Having an habitual tendency; habitually liable or likely; -- used of things.; a.: Inclined; disposed customarily; given; ready; -- used of persons.; a.: Ready; especially fitted or qualified (to do something); quick to learn; prompt; expert; as a pupil apt to learn; an apt scholar.; v. t.: To fit; to suit; to adapt.
Found on page(s): [8, 12, 19]

remain - remain, Definition(s): v. i.: To stay behind while others withdraw; to be left after others have been removed or destroyed; to be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised.; v. i.: To continue unchanged in place form or condition or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last.; v. t.: To await; to be left to.; n.: State of remaining; stay.; n.: That which is left; relic; remainder; -- chiefly in the plural.; n.: That which is left of a human being after the life is gone; relics; a dead body.; n.: The posthumous works or productions esp.
Found on page(s): [5, 13, 35]

eurus - eurus, Definition(s): n.: The east wind.
Found on page(s): [30]

dining - dining, Definition(s): n. & a.: from Dine a.
Found on page(s): [53]

testament - testament, Definition(s): n.: A solemn authentic instrument in writing by which a person declares his will as to disposal of his estate and effects after his death.; n.: One of the two distinct revelations of God's purposes toward man; a covenant; also one of the two general divisions of the canonical books of the sacred Scriptures in which the covenants are respectively revealed; as the Old Testament; the New Testament; -- often limited in colloquial language to the latter.
Found on page(s): [18]

mount - mount, Definition(s): v.: A mass of earth or earth and rock rising considerably above the common surface of the surrounding land; a mountain; a high hill; -- used always instead of mountain when put before a proper name; as Mount Washington; otherwise chiefly in poetry.; v.: A bulwark for offense or defense; a mound.; v.: A bank; a fund.; n.: To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; -- often with up.; n.: To get up on anything as a platform or scaffold; especially to seat one's self on a horse for riding.; n.: To attain in value; to amount.; v. t.: To get upon; to ascend; to climb.; v. t.: To place one's self on as a horse or other animal or anything that one sits upon; to bestride.; v. t.: To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding; to furnish with horses.; v. t.: Hence: To put upon anything that sustains and fits for use as a gun on a carriage a map or picture on cloth or paper; to prepare for being worn or otherwise used as a diamond by setting or a sword blade by adding the hilt scabbard etc.; v. t.: To raise aloft; to lift on high.; v.: A horse.; v.: The cardboard or cloth on which a drawing photograph or the like is mounted; a mounting.
Found on page(s): [30, 38, 54]

eye - eye, Definition(s): n.: A brood; as an eye of pheasants.; n.: The organ of sight or vision. In man and the vertebrates generally it is properly the movable ball or globe in the orbit but the term often includes the adjacent parts. In most invertebrates the years are immovable ocelli or compound eyes made up of numerous ocelli. See Ocellus.; n.: The faculty of seeing; power or range of vision; hence judgment or taste in the use of the eye and in judging of objects; as to have the eye of sailor; an eye for the beautiful or picturesque.; n.: The action of the organ of sight; sight look; view; ocular knowledge; judgment; opinion.; n.: The space commanded by the organ of sight; scope of vision; hence face; front; the presence of an object which is directly opposed or confronted; immediate presence.; n.: Observation; oversight; watch; inspection; notice; attention; regard.; n.: The spots on a feather as of peacock.; n.: The scar to which the adductor muscle is attached in oysters and other bivalve shells; also the adductor muscle itself esp. when used as food as in the scallop.; n.: The bud or sprout of a plant or tuber; as the eye of a potato.; n.: The center of a target; the bull's-eye.; n.: A small loop to receive a hook; as hooks and eyes on a dress.; n.: The hole through the head of a needle.; n.: A loop forming part of anything or a hole through anything to receive a rope hook pin shaft etc.; as an eye at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss; as an eye through a crank; an eye at the end of rope.; n.: The hole through the upper millstone.; n.: That which resembles the eye in relative importance or beauty.; n.: Tinge; shade of color.; v. t.: To fix the eye on; to look on; to view; to observe; particularly to observe or watch narrowly or with fixed attention; to hold in view.; v. i.: To appear; to look.
Found on page(s): [8, 9, 12, 14, 22, 25, 26, 28, 36, 37, 38, 39, 54]

himself - himself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is himself who saved himself.; pron.: One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness passion delirium or abasement); as the man has come to himself.; pron. pl.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [20, 23, 24, 26, 27, 45, 54]

mystery - mystery, Definition(s): a.: A profound secret; something wholly unknown or something kept cautiously concealed and therefore exciting curiosity or wonder; something which has not been or can not be explained; hence specifically that which is beyond human comprehension.; a.: A kind of secret religious celebration to which none were admitted except those who had been initiated by certain preparatory ceremonies; -- usually plural; as the Eleusinian mysteries.; a.: The consecrated elements in the eucharist.; a.: Anything artfully made difficult; an enigma.; n.: A trade; a handicraft; hence any business with which one is usually occupied.; n.: A dramatic representation of a Scriptural subject often some event in the life of Christ; a dramatic composition of this character; as the Chester Mysteries consisting of dramas acted by various craft associations in that city in the early part of the 14th century.
Found on page(s): [51]

slow - slow, Definition(s): : imp. of Slee to slay. Slew.; superl.: Moving a short space in a relatively long time; not swift; not quick in motion; not rapid; moderate; deliberate; as a slow stream; a slow motion.; superl.: Not happening in a short time; gradual; late.; superl.: Not ready; not prompt or quick; dilatory; sluggish; as slow of speech and slow of tongue.; superl.: Not hasty; not precipitate; acting with deliberation; tardy; inactive.; superl.: Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time; as the clock or watch is slow.; superl.: Not advancing or improving rapidly; as the slow growth of arts and sciences.; superl.: Heavy in wit; not alert prompt or spirited; wearisome; dull.; adv.: Slowly.; v. t.: To render slow; to slacken the speed of; to retard; to delay; as to slow a steamer.; v. i.: To go slower; -- often with up; as the train slowed up before crossing the bridge.; n.: A moth.
Found on page(s): [10, 41, 44, 49, 53]

gently - gently, Definition(s): adv.: In a gentle manner.
Found on page(s): [10]

corruption - corruption, Definition(s): n.: The act of corrupting or making putrid or state of being corrupt or putrid; decomposition or disorganization in the process of putrefaction; putrefaction; deterioration.; n.: The product of corruption; putrid matter.; n.: The act of corrupting or of impairing integrity virtue or moral principle; the state of being corrupted or debased; loss of purity or integrity; depravity; wickedness; impurity; bribery.; n.: The act of changing or of being changed for the worse; departure from what is pure simple or correct; as a corruption of style; corruption in language.
Found on page(s): [27]

accuse - accuse, Definition(s): n.: Accusation.; v. t.: to charge with an offense judicially or by a public process; -- with of; as to accuse one of a high crime or misdemeanor.; v. t.: To charge with a fault; to blame; to censure.; v. t.: To betray; to show. [L.
Found on page(s): [54]

hymn - hymn, Definition(s): n.: An ode or song of praise or adoration; especially a religious ode a sacred lyric; a song of praise or thankgiving intended to be used in religious service; as the Homeric hymns; Watts' hymns.; v. t.: To praise in song; to worship or extol by singing hymns; to sing.; v. i.: To sing in praise or adoration.
Found on page(s): [53]

worth - worth, Definition(s): v. i.: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases woe worth the day woe worth the man etc. in which the verb is in the imperative and the nouns day man etc. are in the dative. Woe be to the day woe be to the man etc. are equivalent phrases.; a.: Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also worth while.; a.: Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be exchanged for.; a.: Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense but chiefly in a good sense.; a.: Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value of.; a.: That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value; hence often value as expressed in a standard as money; equivalent in exchange; price.; a.: Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence; virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as a man or magistrate of great worth.
Found on page(s): [1, 4, 11, 17, 23]

amorous - amorous, Definition(s): a.: Inclined to love; having a propensity to love or to sexual enjoyment; loving; fond; affectionate; as an amorous disposition.; a.: Affected with love; in love; enamored; -- usually with of; formerly with on.; a.: Of or relating to or produced by love.
Found on page(s): [9]

cried - cried, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Cry.
Found on page(s): [29, 32, 53]

diversely - diversely, Definition(s): adv.: In different ways; differently; variously.; adv.: In different directions; to different points.
Found on page(s): [4, 13]

grace - grace, Definition(s): n.: The exercise of love kindness mercy favor; disposition to benefit or serve another; favor bestowed or privilege conferred.; n.: The divine favor toward man; the mercy of God as distinguished from His justice; also any benefits His mercy imparts; divine love or pardon; a state of acceptance with God; enjoyment of the divine favor.; n.: The prerogative of mercy execised by the executive as pardon.; n.: The same prerogative when exercised in the form of equitable relief through chancery.; n.: Fortune; luck; -- used commonly with hard or sorry when it means misfortune.; n.: Inherent excellence; any endowment or characteristic fitted to win favor or confer pleasure or benefit.; n.: Beauty physical intellectual or moral; loveliness; commonly easy elegance of manners; perfection of form.; n.: Graceful and beautiful females sister goddesses represented by ancient writers as the attendants sometimes of Apollo but oftener of Venus. They were commonly mentioned as three in number; namely Aglaia Euphrosyne and Thalia and were regarded as the inspirers of the qualities which give attractiveness to wisdom love and social intercourse.; n.: The title of a duke a duchess or an archbishop and formerly of the king of England.; n.: Thanks.; n.: A petition for grace; a blessing asked or thanks rendered before or after a meal.; n.: Ornamental notes or short passages either introduced by the performer or indicated by the composer in which case the notation signs are called grace notes appeggiaturas turns etc.; n.: An act vote or decree of the government of the institution; a degree or privilege conferred by such vote or decree.; n.: A play designed to promote or display grace of motion. It consists in throwing a small hoop from one player to another by means of two sticks in the hands of each. Called also grace hoop or hoops.; v. t.: To adorn; to decorate; to embellish and dignify.; v. t.: To dignify or raise by an act of favor; to honor.; v. t.: To supply with heavenly grace.; v. t.: To add grace notes cadenzas etc. to.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 15, 19, 20, 37, 38, 44, 52, 55]

patience - patience, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being patient; the power of suffering with fortitude; uncomplaining endurance of evils or wrongs as toil pain poverty insult oppression calamity etc.; n.: The act or power of calmly or contentedly waiting for something due or hoped for; forbearance.; n.: Constancy in labor or application; perseverance.; n.: Sufferance; permission.; n.: A kind of dock (Rumex Patientia) less common in America than in Europe; monk's rhubarb.; n.: Solitaire.
Found on page(s): [15]

came - came, Definition(s): : imp. of Come.; n.: A slender rod of cast lead with or without grooves used in casements and stained-glass windows to hold together the panes or pieces of glass.
Found on page(s): [19, 20, 21, 28, 39, 41, 53]

ripe - ripe, Definition(s): n.: The bank of a river.; superl.: Ready for reaping or gathering; having attained perfection; mature; -- said of fruits seeds etc.; as ripe grain.; superl.: Advanced to the state of fitness for use; mellow; as ripe cheese; ripe wine.; superl.: Having attained its full development; mature; perfected; consummate.; superl.: Maturated or suppurated; ready to discharge; -- said of sores tumors etc.; superl.: Ready for action or effect; prepared.; superl.: Like ripened fruit in ruddiness and plumpness.; superl.: Intoxicated.; v. i.: To ripen; to grow ripe.; v. t.: To mature; to ripen.
Found on page(s): [50]

trophy - trophy, Definition(s): n.: A sign or memorial of a victory raised on the field of battle or in case of a naval victory on the nearest land. Sometimes trophies were erected in the chief city of the conquered people.; n.: The representation of such a memorial as on a medal; esp. (Arch.) an ornament representing a group of arms and military weapons offensive and defensive.; n.: Anything taken from an enemy and preserved as a memorial of victory as arms flags standards etc.; n.: Any evidence or memorial of victory or conquest; as every redeemed soul is a trophy of grace.
Found on page(s): [35]

perforce - perforce, Definition(s): adv.: By force; of necessary; at any rate.; v. t.: To force; to compel.
Found on page(s): [21]

triumph - triumph, Definition(s): n.: A magnificent and imposing ceremonial performed in honor of a general who had gained a decisive victory over a foreign enemy.; n.: Hence any triumphal procession; a pompous exhibition; a stately show or pageant.; n.: A state of joy or exultation for success.; n.: Success causing exultation; victory; conquest; as the triumph of knowledge.; n.: A trump card; also an old game at cards.; n.: To celebrate victory with pomp; to rejoice over success; to exult in an advantage gained; to exhibit exultation.; n.: To obtain victory; to be successful; to prevail.; n.: To be prosperous; to flourish.; n.: To play a trump card.; v. t.: To obtain a victory over; to prevail over; to conquer. Also to cause to triumph.
Found on page(s): [2, 19, 35]

slumber - slumber, Definition(s): v. i.: To sleep; especially to sleep lightly; to doze.; v. i.: To be in a state of negligence sloth supineness or inactivity.; v. t.: To lay to sleep.; v. t.: To stun; to stupefy.; n.: Sleep; especially light sleep; sleep that is not deep or sound; repose.
Found on page(s): [24]

bliss - bliss, Definition(s): n.: Orig. blithesomeness; gladness; now the highest degree of happiness; blessedness; exalted felicity; heavenly joy.
Found on page(s): [13, 32, 52, 55]

bower - bower, Definition(s): v. & n.: One who bows or bends.; v. & n.: An anchor carried at the bow of a ship.; v. & n.: A muscle that bends a limb esp. the arm.; n.: One of the two highest cards in the pack commonly used in the game of euchre.; n.: Anciently a chamber; a lodging room; esp. a lady's private apartment.; n.: A rustic cottage or abode; poetically an attractive abode or retreat.; n.: A shelter or covered place in a garden made with boughs of trees or vines etc. twined together; an arbor; a shady recess.; v. t.: To embower; to inclose.; v. i.: To lodge.; n.: A young hawk when it begins to leave the nest.
Found on page(s): [55]

calm - calm, Definition(s): n.: Freedom from motion agitation or disturbance; a cessation or absence of that which causes motion or disturbance as of winds or waves; tranquility; stillness; quiet; serenity.; n.: To make calm; to render still or quiet as elements; as to calm the winds.; n.: To deliver from agitation or excitement; to still or soothe as the mind or passions.; super.: Not stormy; without motion as of winds or waves; still; quiet; serene; undisturbed.; super.: Undisturbed by passion or emotion; not agitated or excited; tranquil; quiet in act or speech.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 21]

knits - knits, Definition(s): n. pl.: Small particles of ore.
Found on page(s): [4, 8]

kick - kick, Definition(s): v. t.: To strike thrust or hit violently with the foot; as a horse kicks a groom; a man kicks a dog.; v. i.: To thrust out the foot or feet with violence; to strike out with the foot or feet as in defense or in bad temper; esp. to strike backward as a horse does or to have a habit of doing so. Hence figuratively: To show ugly resistance opposition or hostility; to spurn.; v. i.: To recoil; -- said of a musket cannon etc.; n.: A blow with the foot or feet; a striking or thrust with the foot.; n.: The projection on the tang of the blade of a pocket knife which prevents the edge of the blade from striking the spring. See Illust. of Pocketknife.; n.: A projection in a mold to form a depression in the surface of the brick.; n.: The recoil of a musket or other firearm when discharged.
Found on page(s): [18]

absolute - absolute, Definition(s): a.: Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional; as absolute authority monarchy sovereignty an absolute promise or command; absolute power; an absolute monarch.; a.: Complete in itself; perfect; consummate; faultless; as absolute perfection; absolute beauty.; a.: Viewed apart from modifying influences or without comparison with other objects; actual; real; -- opposed to relative and comparative; as absolute motion; absolute time or space.; a.: Loosed from or unconnected by dependence on any other being; self-existent; self-sufficing.; a.: Capable of being thought or conceived by itself alone; unconditioned; non-relative.; a.: Positive; clear; certain; not doubtful.; a.: Authoritative; peremptory.; a.: Pure; unmixed; as absolute alcohol.; a.: Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence in government; as the case absolute. See Ablative absolute under Ablative.; n.: In a plane the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions the imaginary circle at infinity.
Found on page(s): [15, 37]

wrestler - wrestler, Definition(s): n.: One who wrestles; one who is skillful in wrestling.
Found on page(s): [44]

blazon - blazon, Definition(s): n.: A shield.; n.: An heraldic shield; a coat of arms or a bearing on a coat of arms; armorial bearings.; n.: The art or act of describing or depicting heraldic bearings in the proper language or manner.; n.: Ostentatious display either by words or other means; publication; show; description; record.; v. t.: To depict in colors; to display; to exhibit conspicuously; to publish or make public far and wide.; v. t.: To deck; to embellish; to adorn.; v. t.: To describe in proper terms (the figures of heraldic devices); also to delineate (armorial bearings); to emblazon.; v. i.: To shine; to be conspicuous.
Found on page(s): [46]

describe - describe, Definition(s): v. t.: To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out; as to describe a circle by the compasses; a torch waved about the head in such a way as to describe a circle.; v. t.: To represent by words written or spoken; to give an account of; to make known to others by words or signs; as the geographer describes countries and cities.; v. t.: To distribute into parts groups or classes; to mark off; to class.; v. i.: To use the faculty of describing; to give a description; as Milton describes with uncommon force and beauty.
Found on page(s): [17]

derision - derision, Definition(s): n.: The act of deriding or the state of being derided; mockery; scornful or contemptuous treatment which holds one up to ridicule.; n.: An object of derision or scorn; a laughing-stock.
Found on page(s): [14]

understood - understood, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Understand.
Found on page(s): [14, 55]

serene - serene, Definition(s): a.: Bright; clear; unabscured; as a serene sky.; a.: Calm; placid; undisturbed; unruffled; as a serene aspect; a serene soul.; n.: Serenity; clearness; calmness.; n.: Evening air; night chill.; v. t.: To make serene.
Found on page(s): [47, 54]

countenance - countenance, Definition(s): v. t.: To encourage; to favor; to approve; to aid; to abet.; v. t.: To make a show of; to pretend.
Found on page(s): [10, 14]

raiment - raiment, Definition(s): n.: Clothing in general; vesture; garments; -- usually singular in form with a collective sense.; n.: An article of dress.
Found on page(s): [51]

dwelt - dwelt, Definition(s): : of Dwell.; imp. & p. p.: of Dwell.
Found on page(s): [21, 34, 39]

rue - rue, Definition(s): n.: A perennial suffrutescent plant (Ruta graveolens) having a strong heavy odor and a bitter taste; herb of grace. It is used in medicine.; n.: Fig.: Bitterness; disappointment; grief; regret.; v. t.: To lament; to regret extremely; to grieve for or over.; v. t.: To cause to grieve; to afflict.; v. t.: To repent of and withdraw from as a bargain; to get released from.; v. i.: To have compassion.; v. i.: To feel sorrow and regret; to repent.; v. t.: Sorrow; repetance.
Found on page(s): [46]

dusk - dusk, Definition(s): a.: Tending to darkness or blackness; moderately dark or black; dusky.; n.: Imperfect obscurity; a middle degree between light and darkness; twilight; as the dusk of the evening.; n.: A darkish color.; v. t.: To make dusk.; v. i.: To grow dusk.
Found on page(s): [7, 8]

dwell - dwell, Definition(s): v. i.: To delay; to linger.; v. i.: To abide; to remain; to continue.; v. i.: To abide as a permanent resident or for a time; to live in a place; to reside.; v. t.: To inhabit.
Found on page(s): [10, 37]

immortally - immortally, Definition(s): adv.: In an immortal manner.
Found on page(s): [51]

mother - mother, Definition(s): n.: A female parent; especially one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child.; n.: That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix.; n.: An old woman or matron.; n.: The female superior or head of a religious house as an abbess etc.; n.: Hysterical passion; hysteria.; a.: Received by birth or from ancestors; native natural; as mother language; also acting the part or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating.; v. t.: To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to.; n.: A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids such as vinegar wine etc. and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid thus leading to their oxidation.; v. i.: To become like or full of mother or thick matter as vinegar.
Found on page(s): [3, 15, 28, 45, 46]

didst - didst, Definition(s): : the 2d pers. sing. imp. of Do.
Found on page(s): [3, 19, 21, 29]

girt - girt, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Gird.; v.: To gird; to encircle; to invest by means of a girdle; to measure the girth of; as to girt a tree.; a.: Bound by a cable; -- used of a vessel so moored by two anchors that she swings against one of the cables by force of the current or tide.; n.: Same as Girth.
Found on page(s): [33, 42]

sinister - sinister, Definition(s): a.: On the left hand or the side of the left hand; left; -- opposed to dexter or right.; a.: Unlucky; inauspicious; disastrous; injurious; evil; -- the left being usually regarded as the unlucky side; as sinister influences.; a.: Wrong as springing from indirection or obliquity; perverse; dishonest; corrupt; as sinister aims.; a.: Indicative of lurking evil or harm; boding covert danger; as a sinister countenance.
Found on page(s): [46]

piteous - piteous, Definition(s): a.: Pious; devout.; a.: Evincing pity compassion or sympathy; compassionate; tender.; a.: Fitted to excite pity or sympathy; wretched; miserable; lamentable; sad; as a piteous case.; a.: Paltry; mean; pitiful.
Found on page(s): [3, 19]

dust - dust, Definition(s): n.: Fine dry particles of earth or other matter so comminuted that they may be raised and wafted by the wind; that which is crumbled too minute portions; fine powder; as clouds of dust; bone dust.; n.: A single particle of earth or other matter.; n.: The earth as the resting place of the dead.; n.: The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body.; n.: Figuratively a worthless thing.; n.: Figuratively a low or mean condition.; n.: Coined money; cash.; v. t.: To free from dust; to brush wipe or sweep away dust from; as to dust a table or a floor.; v. t.: To sprinkle with dust.; v. t.: To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate.
Found on page(s): [8]

jew - jew, Definition(s): n.: Originally one belonging to the tribe or kingdom of Judah; after the return from the Babylonish captivity any member of the new state; a Hebrew; an Israelite.
Found on page(s): [18]

imagine - imagine, Definition(s): v. t.: To form in the mind a notion or idea of; to form a mental image of; to conceive; to produce by the imagination.; v. t.: To contrive in purpose; to scheme; to devise; to compass; to purpose. See Compass v. t. 5.; v. t.: To represent to one's self; to think; to believe.; v. i.: To form images or conceptions; to conceive; to devise.; v. i.: To think; to suppose.
Found on page(s): [47]

gird - gird, Definition(s): n.: A stroke with a rod or switch; a severe spasm; a twinge; a pang.; n.: A cut; a sarcastic remark; a gibe; a sneer.; v.: To strike; to smite.; v.: To sneer at; to mock; to gibe.; v. i.: To gibe; to sneer; to break a scornful jest; to utter severe sarcasms.; v. t.: To encircle or bind with any flexible band.; v. t.: To make fast as clothing by binding with a cord girdle bandage etc.; v. t.: To surround; to encircle or encompass.; v. t.: To clothe; to swathe; to invest.; v. t.: To prepare; to make ready; to equip; as to gird one's self for a contest.
Found on page(s): [32, 45]

goddess - goddess, Definition(s): n.: A female god; a divinity or deity of the female sex.; n.: A woman of superior charms or excellence.
Found on page(s): [15]

mole - mole, Definition(s): n.: A spot; a stain; a mark which discolors or disfigures.; n.: A spot mark or small permanent protuberance on the human body; esp. a spot which is dark-colored from which commonly issue one or more hairs.; n.: A mass of fleshy or other more or less solid matter generated in the uterus.; n.: A mound or massive work formed of masonry or large stones etc. laid in the sea often extended either in a right line or an arc of a circle before a port which it serves to defend from the violence of the waves thus protecting ships in a harbor; also sometimes the harbor itself.; n.: Any insectivore of the family Talpidae. They have minute eyes and ears soft fur and very large and strong fore feet.; n.: A plow of peculiar construction for forming underground drains.; v. t.: To form holes in as a mole; to burrow; to excavate; as to mole the earth.; v. t.: To clear of molehills.
Found on page(s): [43]

mold - mold, Definition(s): n.: A spot; a blemish; a mole.; v.: Alt.; v. t.: Alt.; n.: Alt.; v. t.: Alt.; v. i.: Alt.; n.: Alt.; v. t.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [14]

indistinctly - indistinctly, Definition(s): adv.: In an indistinct manner; not clearly; confusedly; dimly; as certain ideas are indistinctly comprehended.
Found on page(s): [53]

bold - bold, Definition(s): n.: Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.; n.: Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.; n.: In a bad sense too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.; n.: Somewhat overstepping usual bounds or conventional rules as in art literature etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as the figures of an author are bold.; n.: Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.; n.: Steep; abrupt; prominent.; v. t.: To make bold or daring.; v. i.: To be or become bold.
Found on page(s): [21, 54]

consecrate - consecrate, Definition(s): a.: Consecrated; devoted; dedicated; sacred.; v. t.: To make or declare to be sacred; to appropriate to sacred uses; to set apart dedicate or devote to the service or worship of God; as to consecrate a church; to give (one's self) unreservedly as to the service of God.; v. t.: To set apart to a sacred office; as to consecrate a bishop.; v. t.: To canonize; to exalt to the rank of a saint; to enroll among the gods as a Roman emperor.; v. t.: To render venerable or revered; to hallow; to dignify; as rules or principles consecrated by time.
Found on page(s): [17]

worse - worse, Definition(s): compar.: Bad ill evil or corrupt in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense.; n.: Loss; disadvantage; defeat.; n.: That which is worse; something less good; as think not the worse of him for his enterprise.; a.: In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad.; v. t.: To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst. See Worst v.
Found on page(s): [18, 31, 48]

whatever - whatever, Definition(s): pron.: Anything soever which; the thing or things of any kind; being this or that; of one nature or another; one thing or another; anything that may be; all that; the whole that; all particulars that; -- used both substantively and adjectively.
Found on page(s): [11, 25]

longer - longer, Definition(s): n.: One who longs for anything.
Found on page(s): [9, 17, 26, 29, 41]

gripe - gripe, Definition(s): n.: A vulture; the griffin.; v. t.: To catch with the hand; to clasp closely with the fingers; to clutch.; v. t.: To seize and hold fast; to embrace closely.; v. t.: To pinch; to distress. Specifically to cause pinching and spasmodic pain to the bowels of as by the effects of certain purgative or indigestible substances.; v. i.: To clutch hold or pinch a thing esp. money with a gripe or as with a gripe.; v. i.: To suffer griping pains.; v. i.: To tend to come up into the wind as a ship which when sailing closehauled requires constant labor at the helm.; n.: Grasp; seizure; fast hold; clutch.; n.: That on which the grasp is put; a handle; a grip; as the gripe of a sword.; n.: A device for grasping or holding anything; a brake to stop a wheel.; n.: Oppression; cruel exaction; affiction; pinching distress; as the gripe of poverty.; n.: Pinching and spasmodic pain in the intestines; -- chiefly used in the plural.; n.: The piece of timber which terminates the keel at the fore end; the forefoot.; n.: The compass or sharpness of a ship's stern under the water having a tendency to make her keep a good wind.; n.: An assemblage of ropes dead-eyes and hocks fastened to ringbolts in the deck to secure the boats when hoisted; also broad bands passed around a boat to secure it at the davits and prevent swinging.
Found on page(s): [22]

wonders - wonders, Definition(s): adv.: See Wondrous.
Found on page(s): [6]

sunbeam - sunbeam, Definition(s): n.: A beam or ray of the sun.
Found on page(s): [35, 53]

gladly - gladly, Definition(s): a.: Preferably; by choice.; a.: With pleasure; joyfully; cheerfully; eagerly.
Found on page(s): [15]

mourn - mourn, Definition(s): v. i.: To express or to feel grief or sorrow; to grieve; to be sorrowful; to lament; to be in a state of grief or sadness.; v. i.: To wear the customary garb of a mourner.; v. t.: To grieve for; to lament; to deplore; to bemoan; to bewail.; v. t.: To utter in a mournful manner or voice.
Found on page(s): [18, 41]

bolt - bolt, Definition(s): n.: A shaft or missile intended to be shot from a crossbow or catapult esp. a short stout blunt-headed arrow; a quarrel; an arrow or that which resembles an arrow; a dart.; n.: Lightning; a thunderbolt.; n.: A strong pin of iron or other material used to fasten or hold something in place often having a head at one end and screw thread cut upon the other end.; n.: A sliding catch or fastening as for a door or gate; the portion of a lock which is shot or withdrawn by the action of the key.; n.: An iron to fasten the legs of a prisoner; a shackle; a fetter.; n.: A compact package or roll of cloth as of canvas or silk often containing about forty yards.; n.: A bundle as of oziers.; v. t.: To shoot; to discharge or drive forth.; v. t.: To utter precipitately; to blurt or throw out.; v. t.: To swallow without chewing; as to bolt food.; v. t.: To refuse to support as a nomination made by a party to which one has belonged or by a caucus in which one has taken part.; v. t.: To cause to start or spring forth; to dislodge as conies rabbits etc.; v. t.: To fasten or secure with or as with a bolt or bolts as a door a timber fetters; to shackle; to restrain.; v. i.: To start forth like a bolt or arrow; to spring abruptly; to come or go suddenly; to dart; as to bolt out of the room.; v. i.: To strike or fall suddenly like a bolt.; v. i.: To spring suddenly aside or out of the regular path; as the horse bolted.; v. i.: To refuse to support a nomination made by a party or a caucus with which one has been connected; to break away from a party.; adv.: In the manner of a bolt; suddenly; straight; unbendingly.; v. i.: A sudden spring or start; a sudden spring aside; as the horse made a bolt.; v. i.: A sudden flight as to escape creditors.; v. i.: A refusal to support a nomination made by the party with which one has been connected; a breaking away from one's party.; v. t.: To sift or separate the coarser from the finer particles of as bran from flour by means of a bolter; to separate assort refine or purify by other means.; v. t.: To separate as if by sifting or bolting; -- with out.; v. t.: To discuss or argue privately and for practice as cases at law.; n.: A sieve esp. a long fine sieve used in milling for bolting flour and meal; a bolter.
Found on page(s): [40]

crop - crop, Definition(s): n.: The pouchlike enlargement of the gullet of birds serving as a receptacle for food; the craw.; n.: The top end or highest part of anything especially of a plant or tree.; n.: That which is cropped cut or gathered from a single felld or of a single kind of grain or fruit or in a single season; especially the product of what is planted in the earth; fruit; harvest.; n.: Grain or other product of the field while standing.; n.: Anything cut off or gathered.; n.: Hair cut close or short or the act or style of so cutting; as a convict's crop.; n.: A projecting ornament in carved stone. Specifically a finial.; n.: Tin ore prepared for smelting.; n.: Outcrop of a vein or seam at the surface.; n.: A riding whip with a loop instead of a lash.; v. t.: To cut off the tops or tips of; to bite or pull off; to browse; to pluck; to mow; to reap.; v. t.: Fig.: To cut off as if in harvest.; v. t.: To cause to bear a crop; as to crop a field.; v. i.: To yield harvest.
Found on page(s): [46, 50]

martyrdom - martyrdom, Definition(s): n.: The condition of a martyr; the death of a martyr; the suffering of death on account of adherence to the Christian faith or to any cause.; n.: Affliction; torment; torture.
Found on page(s): [39, 42]

boon - boon, Definition(s): n.: A prayer or petition.; n.: That which is asked or granted as a benefit or favor; a gift; a benefaction; a grant; a present.; n.: Good; prosperous; as boon voyage.; n.: Kind; bountiful; benign.; n.: Gay; merry; jovial; convivial.; n.: The woody portion flax which is separated from the fiber as refuse matter by retting braking and scutching.
Found on page(s): [17]

blind - blind, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of the sense of seeing either by natural defect or by deprivation; without sight.; a.: Not having the faculty of discernment; destitute of intellectual light; unable or unwilling to understand or judge; as authors are blind to their own defects.; a.: Undiscerning; undiscriminating; inconsiderate.; a.: Having such a state or condition as a thing would have to a person who is blind; not well marked or easily discernible; hidden; unseen; concealed; as a blind path; a blind ditch.; a.: Involved; intricate; not easily followed or traced.; a.: Having no openings for light or passage; as a blind wall; open only at one end; as a blind alley; a blind gut.; a.: Unintelligible or not easily intelligible; as a blind passage in a book; illegible; as blind writing.; a.: Abortive; failing to produce flowers or fruit; as blind buds; blind flowers.; v. t.: To make blind; to deprive of sight or discernment.; v. t.: To deprive partially of vision; to make vision difficult for and painful to; to dazzle.; v. t.: To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal; to deceive.; v. t.: To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel; as a road newly paved in order that the joints between the stones may be filled.; n.: Something to hinder sight or keep out light; a screen; a cover; esp. a hinged screen or shutter for a window; a blinder for a horse.; n.: Something to mislead the eye or the understanding or to conceal some covert deed or design; a subterfuge.; n.: A blindage. See Blindage.; n.: A halting place.; n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [28]

distance - distance, Definition(s): n.: The space between two objects; the length of a line especially the shortest line joining two points or things that are separate; measure of separation in place.; n.: Remoteness of place; a remote place.; n.: A space marked out in the last part of a race course.; n.: Relative space between troops in ranks measured from front to rear; -- contrasted with interval which is measured from right to left.; n.: Space between two antagonists in fencing.; n.: The part of a picture which contains the representation of those objects which are the farthest away esp. in a landscape.; n.: Ideal disjunction; discrepancy; contrariety.; n.: Length or interval of time; period past or future between two eras or events.; n.: The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence respect; ceremoniousness.; n.: A withholding of intimacy; alienation; coldness; disagreement; variance; restraint; reserve.; n.: Remoteness in succession or relation; as the distance between a descendant and his ancestor.; n.: The interval between two notes; as the distance of a fourth or seventh.; v. t.: To place at a distance or remotely.; v. t.: To cause to appear as if at a distance; to make seem remote.; v. t.: To outstrip by as much as a distance (see Distance n. 3); to leave far behind; to surpass greatly.
Found on page(s): [24]

mood - mood, Definition(s): n.: Manner; style; mode; logical form; musical style; manner of action or being. See Mode which is the preferable form).; n.: Manner of conceiving and expressing action or being as positive possible hypothetical etc. without regard to other accidents such as time person number etc.; as the indicative mood; the infinitive mood; the subjunctive mood. Same as Mode.; n.: Temper of mind; temporary state of the mind in regard to passion or feeling; humor; as a melancholy mood; a suppliant mood.
Found on page(s): [24]

hidden - hidden, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: from Hide. Concealed; put out of view; secret; not known; mysterious.
Found on page(s): [41]

approaching - approaching, Definition(s): n.: The act of ingrafting a sprig or shoot of one tree into another without cutting it from the parent stock; -- called also inarching and grafting by approach.
Found on page(s): [1, 4]

truck - truck, Definition(s): v. i.: A small wheel as of a vehicle; specifically (Ord.) a small strong wheel as of wood or iron for a gun carriage.; v. i.: A low wheeled vehicle or barrow for carrying goods stone and other heavy articles.; v. i.: A swiveling carriage consisting of a frame with one or more pairs of wheels and the necessary boxes springs etc. to carry and guide one end of a locomotive or a car; -- sometimes called bogie in England. Trucks usually have four or six wheels.; v. i.: A small wooden cap at the summit of a flagstaff or a masthead having holes in it for reeving halyards through.; v. i.: A small piece of wood usually cylindrical or disk-shaped used for various purposes.; v. i.: A freight car.; v. i.: A frame on low wheels or rollers; -- used for various purposes as for a movable support for heavy bodies.; v. t.: To transport on a truck or trucks.; v. t.: To exchange; to give in exchange; to barter; as to truck knives for gold dust.; v. i.: To exchange commodities; to barter; to trade; to deal.; n.: Exchange of commodities; barter.; n.: Commodities appropriate for barter or for small trade; small commodities; esp. in the United States garden vegetables raised for the market.; n.: The practice of paying wages in goods instead of money; -- called also truck system.
Found on page(s): [23]

attract - attract, Definition(s): v. t.: To draw to or cause to tend to; esp. to cause to approach adhere or combine; or to cause to resist divulsion separation or decomposition.; v. t.: To draw by influence of a moral or emotional kind; to engage or fix as the mind attention etc.; to invite or allure; as to attract admirers.; n.: Attraction.
Found on page(s): [27]

nearly - nearly, Definition(s): adv.: In a near manner; not remotely; closely; intimately; almost.
Found on page(s): [34]

heretic - heretic, Definition(s): n.: One who holds to a heresy; one who believes some doctrine contrary to the established faith or prevailing religion.
Found on page(s): [14]

renounce - renounce, Definition(s): v. t.: To declare against; to reject or decline formally; to refuse to own or acknowledge as belonging to one; to disclaim; as to renounce a title to land or to a throne.; v. t.: To cast off or reject deliberately; to disown; to dismiss; to forswear.; v. t.: To disclaim having a card of (the suit led) by playing a card of another suit.; v. i.: To make renunciation.; v. i.: To decline formally as an executor or a person entitled to letters of administration to take out probate or letters.; n.: Act of renouncing.
Found on page(s): [12]

summit - summit, Definition(s): n.: The top; the highest point.; n.: The highest degree; the utmost elevation; the acme; as the summit of human fame.; n.: The most elevated part of a bivalve shell or the part in which the hinge is situated.
Found on page(s): [16, 21, 47, 53]

shot - shot, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Shoot.; a.: Woven in such a way as to produce an effect of variegation of changeable tints or of being figured; as shot silks. See Shoot v. t. 8.; v. t.: A share or proportion; a reckoning; a scot.; n.: The act of shooting; discharge of a firearm or other weapon which throws a missile.; n.: A missile weapon particularly a ball or bullet; specifically whatever is discharged as a projectile from firearms or cannon by the force of an explosive.; n.: Small globular masses of lead of various sizes -- used chiefly for killing game; as bird shot; buckshot.; n.: The flight of a missile or the distance which it is or can be thrown; as the vessel was distant more than a cannon shot.; n.: A marksman; one who practices shooting; as an exellent shot.; v. t.: To load with shot as a gun.
Found on page(s): [9, 16, 53]

nor - nor, Definition(s): conj.: A negative connective or particle introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition following neither or not in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 7, 13, 14, 18, 21, 23, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 48, 50, 52]

perplexity - perplexity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being perplexed or puzzled; complication; intricacy; entanglement; distraction of mind through doubt or difficulty; embarrassment; bewilderment; doubt.
Found on page(s): [7]

ave - ave, Definition(s): n.: An ave Maria.; n.: A reverential salutation.
Found on page(s): [12]

mantle - mantle, Definition(s): n.: A loose garment to be worn over other garments; an enveloping robe; a cloak. Hence figuratively a covering or concealing envelope.; n.: Same as Mantling.; n.: The external fold or folds of the soft exterior membrane of the body of a mollusk. It usually forms a cavity inclosing the gills. See Illusts. of Buccinum and Byssus.; n.: Any free outer membrane.; n.: The back of a bird together with the folded wings.; n.: A mantel. See Mantel.; n.: The outer wall and casing of a blast furnace above the hearth.; n.: A penstock for a water wheel.; v. t.: To cover or envelop as with a mantle; to cloak; to hide; to disguise.; v. i.: To unfold and spread out the wings like a mantle; -- said of hawks. Also used figuratively.; v. i.: To spread out; -- said of wings.; v. i.: To spread over the surface as a covering; to overspread; as the scum mantled on the pool.; v. i.: To gather assume or take on a covering as froth scum etc.
Found on page(s): [20]

hence - hence, Definition(s): adv.: From this place; away.; adv.: From this time; in the future; as a week hence.; adv.: From this reason; as an inference or deduction.; adv.: From this source or origin.; v. t.: To send away.
Found on page(s): [4, 7, 8, 17, 21, 22, 23, 27, 31, 48]

rite - rite, Definition(s): n.: The act of performing divine or solemn service as established by law precept or custom; a formal act of religion or other solemn duty; a solemn observance; a ceremony; as the rites of freemasonry.
Found on page(s): [53]

unto - unto, Definition(s): prep.: To; -- now used only in antiquated formal or scriptural style. See To.; prep.: Until; till.; conj.: Until; till.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 24, 26, 29, 38, 40, 46, 48, 49, 50, 55]

race - race, Definition(s): v. t.: To raze.; n.: A root.; n.: The descendants of a common ancestor; a family tribe people or nation believed or presumed to belong to the same stock; a lineage; a breed.; n.: Company; herd; breed.; n.: A variety of such fixed character that it may be propagated by seed.; n.: Peculiar flavor taste or strength as of wine; that quality or assemblage of qualities which indicates origin or kind as in wine; hence characteristic flavor; smack.; n.: Hence characteristic quality or disposition.; n.: A progress; a course; a movement or progression.; n.: Esp. swift progress; rapid course; a running.; n.: Hence: The act or process of running in competition; a contest of speed in any way as in running riding driving skating rowing sailing; in the plural usually a meeting for contests in the running of horses; as he attended the races.; n.: Competitive action of any kind especially when prolonged; hence career; course of life.; n.: A strong or rapid current of water or the channel or passage for such a current; a powerful current or heavy sea sometimes produced by the meeting of two tides; as the Portland Race; the Race of Alderney.; n.: The current of water that turns a water wheel or the channel in which it flows; a mill race.; n.: A channel or guide along which a shuttle is driven back and forth as in a loom sewing machine etc.; v. i.: To run swiftly; to contend in a race; as the animals raced over the ground; the ships raced from port to port.; v. i.: To run too fast at times as a marine engine or screw when the screw is lifted out of water by the action of a heavy sea.; v. t.: To cause to contend in a race; to drive at high speed; as to race horses.; v. t.: To run a race with.
Found on page(s): [30, 42]

resting - resting, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Rest v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [32]

wan - wan, Definition(s): imp.: Won.; a.: Having a pale or sickly hue; languid of look; pale; pallid.; n.: The quality of being wan; wanness.; v. i.: To grow wan; to become pale or sickly in looks.; : of Win.
Found on page(s): [45]

conquer - conquer, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain or acquire by force; to take possession of by violent means; to gain dominion over; to subdue by physical means; to reduce; to overcome by force of arms; to cause to yield; to vanquish.; v. t.: To subdue or overcome by mental or moral power; to surmount; as to conquer difficulties temptation etc.; v. t.: To gain or obtain overcoming obstacles in the way; to win; as to conquer freedom; to conquer a peace.; v. i.: To gain the victory; to overcome; to prevail.
Found on page(s): [53]

substance - substance, Definition(s): n.: That which underlies all outward manifestations; substratum; the permanent subject or cause of phenomena whether material or spiritual; that in which properties inhere; that which is real in distinction from that which is apparent; the abiding part of any existence in distinction from any accident; that which constitutes anything what it is; real or existing essence.; n.: The most important element in any existence; the characteristic and essential components of anything; the main part; essential import; purport.; n.: Body; matter; material of which a thing is made; hence substantiality; solidity; firmness; as the substance of which a garment is made; some textile fabrics have little substance.; n.: Material possessions; estate; property; resources.; n.: Same as Hypostasis 2.; v. t.: To furnish or endow with substance; to supply property to; to make rich.
Found on page(s): [4, 12, 17, 18, 24, 27, 47, 51]

frown - frown, Definition(s): v. i.: To contract the brow in displeasure severity or sternness; to scowl; to put on a stern grim or surly look.; v. i.: To manifest displeasure or disapprobation; to look with disfavor or threateningly; to lower; as polite society frowns upon rudeness.; v. t.: To repress or repel by expressing displeasure or disapproval; to rebuke with a look; as frown the impudent fellow into silence.; n.: A wrinkling of the face in displeasure rebuke etc.; a sour severe or stere look; a scowl.; n.: Any expression of displeasure; as the frowns of Providence; the frowns of Fortune.
Found on page(s): [50]

bond - bond, Definition(s): n.: That which binds ties fastens or confines or by which anything is fastened or bound as a cord chain etc.; a band; a ligament; a shackle or a manacle.; n.: The state of being bound; imprisonment; captivity restraint.; n.: A binding force or influence; a cause of union; a uniting tie; as the bonds of fellowship.; n.: Moral or political duty or obligation.; n.: A writing under seal by which a person binds himself his heirs executors and administrators to pay a certain sum on or before a future day appointed. This is a single bond. But usually a condition is added that if the obligor shall do a certain act appear at a certain place conform to certain rules faithfully perform certain duties or pay a certain sum of money on or before a time specified the obligation shall be void; otherwise it shall remain in full force. If the condition is not performed the bond becomes forfeited and the obligor and his heirs are liable to the payment of the whole sum.; n.: An instrument (of the nature of the ordinary legal bond) made by a government or a corporation for purpose of borrowing money; as a government city or railway bond.; n.: The state of goods placed in a bonded warehouse till the duties are paid; as merchandise in bond.; n.: The union or tie of the several stones or bricks forming a wall. The bricks may be arranged for this purpose in several different ways as in English or block bond (Fig. 1) where one course consists of bricks with their ends toward the face of the wall called headers and the next course of bricks with their lengths parallel to the face of the wall called stretchers; Flemish bond (Fig.2) where each course consists of headers and stretchers alternately so laid as always to break joints; Cross bond which differs from the English by the change of the second stretcher line so that its joints come in the middle of the first and the same position of stretchers comes back every fifth line; Combined cross and English bond where the inner part of the wall is laid in the one method the outer in the other.; n.: A unit of chemical attraction; as oxygen has two bonds of affinity. It is often represented in graphic formulae by a short line or dash. See Diagram of Benzene nucleus and Valence.; v. t.: To place under the conditions of a bond; to mortgage; to secure the payment of the duties on (goods or merchandise) by giving a bond.; v. t.: To dispose in building as the materials of a wall so as to secure solidity.; n.: A vassal or serf; a slave.; a.: In a state of servitude or slavery; captive.
Found on page(s): [18, 35]

grew - grew, Definition(s): : imp. of Grow.
Found on page(s): [19, 29, 45]

awe - awe, Definition(s): n.: Dread; great fear mingled with respect.; n.: The emotion inspired by something dreadful and sublime; an undefined sense of the dreadful and the sublime; reverential fear or solemn wonder; profound reverence.; v. t.: To strike with fear and reverence; to inspire with awe; to control by inspiring dread.
Found on page(s): [24]

wax - wax, Definition(s): v. i.: To increase in size; to grow bigger; to become larger or fuller; -- opposed to wane.; v. i.: To pass from one state to another; to become; to grow; as to wax strong; to wax warmer or colder; to wax feeble; to wax old; to wax worse and worse.; n.: A fatty solid substance produced by bees and employed by them in the construction of their comb; -- usually called beeswax. It is first excreted from a row of pouches along their sides in the form of scales which being masticated and mixed with saliva become whitened and tenacious. Its natural color is pale or dull yellow.; n.: Hence any substance resembling beeswax in consistency or appearance.; n.: Cerumen or earwax.; n.: A waxlike composition used for uniting surfaces for excluding air and for other purposes; as sealing wax grafting wax etching wax etc.; n.: A waxlike composition used by shoemakers for rubbing their thread.; n.: A substance similar to beeswax secreted by several species of scale insects as the Chinese wax. See Wax insect below.; n.: A waxlike product secreted by certain plants. See Vegetable wax under Vegetable.; n.: A substance somewhat resembling wax found in connection with certain deposits of rock salt and coal; -- called also mineral wax and ozocerite.; n.: Thick sirup made by boiling down the sap of the sugar maple and then cooling.; v. t.: To smear or rub with wax; to treat with wax; as to wax a thread or a table.
Found on page(s): [2, 31, 48]

discourse - discourse, Definition(s): n.: The power of the mind to reason or infer by running as it were from one fact or reason to another and deriving a conclusion; an exercise or act of this power; reasoning; range of reasoning faculty.; n.: Conversation; talk.; n.: The art and manner of speaking and conversing.; n.: Consecutive speech either written or unwritten on a given line of thought; speech; treatise; dissertation; sermon etc.; as the preacher gave us a long discourse on duty.; n.: Dealing; transaction.; v. i.: To exercise reason; to employ the mind in judging and inferring; to reason.; v. i.: To express one's self in oral discourse; to expose one's views; to talk in a continuous or formal manner; to hold forth; to speak; to converse.; v. i.: To relate something; to tell.; v. i.: To treat of something in writing and formally.; v. t.: To treat of; to expose or set forth in language.; v. t.: To utter or give forth; to speak.; v. t.: To talk to; to confer with.
Found on page(s): [17]

sophistry - sophistry, Definition(s): n.: The art or process of reasoning; logic.; n.: The practice of a sophist; fallacious reasoning; reasoning sound in appearance only.
Found on page(s): [40]

brightness - brightness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being bright; splendor; luster; brilliancy; clearness.; n.: Acuteness (of the faculties); sharpness 9wit.
Found on page(s): [7, 37, 48]

worthily - worthily, Definition(s): adv.: In a worthy manner; excellently; deservedly; according to merit; justly; suitably; becomingly.
Found on page(s): [44]

mouth - mouth, Definition(s): n.: The opening through which an animal receives food; the aperture between the jaws or between the lips; also the cavity containing the tongue and teeth between the lips and the pharynx; the buccal cavity.; n.: The opening of a vessel by which it is filled or emptied charged or discharged; as the mouth of a jar or pitcher; the mouth of the lacteal vessels etc.; n.: The opening or entrance of any cavity as a cave pit well or den.; n.: The opening of a piece of ordnance through which it is discharged.; n.: The opening through which the waters of a river or any stream are discharged.; n.: The entrance into a harbor.; n.: The crosspiece of a bridle bit which enters the mouth of an animal.; n.: A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece.; n.: Cry; voice.; n.: Speech; language; testimony.; n.: A wry face; a grimace; a mow.; v. t.: To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.; v. t.: To utter with a voice affectedly big or swelling; to speak in a strained or unnaturally sonorous manner.; v. t.: To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick as a bear her cub.; v. t.: To make mouths at.; v. i.: To speak with a full round or loud affected voice; to vociferate; to rant.; v. i.: To put mouth to mouth; to kiss.; v. i.: To make grimaces esp. in ridicule or contempt.
Found on page(s): [50]

guidance - guidance, Definition(s): n.: The act or result of guiding; the superintendence or assistance of a guide; direction; government; a leading.
Found on page(s): [21]

timely - timely, Definition(s): superl.: Being or occurring in good time; sufficiently early; seasonable.; superl.: Keeping time or measure.; adv.: Early; soon; in good season.
Found on page(s): [5]

flame - flame, Definition(s): n.: A stream of burning vapor or gas emitting light and heat; darting or streaming fire; a blaze; a fire.; n.: Burning zeal or passion; elevated and noble enthusiasm; glowing imagination; passionate excitement or anger.; n.: Ardor of affection; the passion of love.; n.: A person beloved; a sweetheart.; n.: To burn with a flame or blaze; to burn as gas emitted from bodies in combustion; to blaze.; n.: To burst forth like flame; to break out in violence of passion; to be kindled with zeal or ardor.; v. t.: To kindle; to inflame; to excite.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 9, 10, 16, 25, 28, 34, 38, 43, 52, 54]

rise - rise, Definition(s): v.: To move from a lower position to a higher; to ascend; to mount up. Specifically: -- (a) To go upward by walking climbing flying or any other voluntary motion; as a bird rises in the air; a fish rises to the bait.; v.: To ascend or float in a fluid as gases or vapors in air cork in water and the like.; v.: To move upward under the influence of a projecting force; as a bullet rises in the air.; v.: To grow upward; to attain a certain height; as this elm rises to the height of seventy feet.; v.: To reach a higher level by increase of quantity or bulk; to swell; as a river rises in its bed; the mercury rises in the thermometer.; v.: To become erect; to assume an upright position; as to rise from a chair or from a fall.; v.: To leave one's bed; to arise; as to rise early.; v.: To tower up; to be heaved up; as the Alps rise far above the sea.; v.: To slope upward; as a path a line or surface rises in this direction.; v.: To retire; to give up a siege.; v.: To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light as dough and the like.; v.: To have the aspect or the effect of rising.; v.: To appear above the horizont as the sun moon stars and the like.; v.: To become apparent; to emerge into sight; to come forth; to appear; as an eruption rises on the skin; the land rises to view to one sailing toward the shore.; v.: To become perceptible to other senses than sight; as a noise rose on the air; odor rises from the flower.; v.: To have a beginning; to proceed; to originate; as rivers rise in lakes or springs.; v.: To increase in size force or value; to proceed toward a climax.; v.: To increase in power or fury; -- said of wind or a storm and hence of passion.; v.: To become of higher value; to increase in price.; v.: To become larger; to swell; -- said of a boil tumor and the like.; v.: To increase in intensity; -- said of heat.; v.: To become louder or higher in pitch as the voice.; v.: To increase in amount; to enlarge; as his expenses rose beyond his expectations.; v.: In various figurative senses.; v.: To become excited opposed or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.; v.: To attain to a better social position; to be promoted; to excel; to succeed.; v.: To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; -- said of style thought or discourse; as to rise in force of expression; to rise in eloquence; a story rises in interest.; v.: To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.; v.: To come; to offer itself.; v.: To ascend from the grave; to come to life.; v.: To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn; as the committee rose after agreeing to the report.; v.: To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pith; as to rise a tone or semitone.; v.: To be lifted or to admit of being lifted from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; -- said of a form.; n.: The act of rising or the state of being risen.; n.: The distance through which anything rises; as the rise of the thermometer was ten degrees; the rise of the river was six feet; the rise of an arch or of a step.; n.: Land which is somewhat higher than the rest; as the house stood on a rise of land.; n.: Spring; source; origin; as the rise of a stream.; n.: Appearance above the horizon; as the rise of the sun or of a planet.; n.: Increase; advance; augmentation as of price value rank property fame and the like.; n.: Increase of sound; a swelling of the voice.; n.: Elevation or ascent of the voice; upward change of key; as a rise of a tone or semitone.; n.: The spring of a fish to seize food (as a fly) near the surface of the water.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 6, 33, 40, 50, 52]

leader - leader, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which leads or conducts; a guide; a conductor.; n.: One who goes first.; n.: One having authority to direct; a chief; a commander.; n.: A performer who leads a band or choir in music; also in an orchestra the principal violinist; the one who plays at the head of the first violins.; n.: A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places.; n.: The principal wheel in any kind of machinery.; n.: A horse placed in advance of others; one of the forward pair of horses.; n.: A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground; a conductor.; n.: A net for leading fish into a pound weir etc. ; also a line of gut to which the snell of a fly hook is attached.; n.: A branch or small vein not important in itself but indicating the proximity of a better one.; n.: The first or the principal editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article.; n.: A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face.; n.: a row of dots periods or hyphens used in tables of contents etc. to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.
Found on page(s): [18, 20]

fancy - fancy, Definition(s): n.: The faculty by which the mind forms an image or a representation of anything perceived before; the power of combining and modifying such objects into new pictures or images; the power of readily and happily creating and recalling such objects for the purpose of amusement wit or embellishment; imagination.; n.: An image or representation of anything formed in the mind; conception; thought; idea; conceit.; n.: An opinion or notion formed without much reflection; caprice; whim; impression.; n.: Inclination; liking formed by caprice rather than reason; as to strike one's fancy; hence the object of inclination or liking.; n.: That which pleases or entertains the taste or caprice without much use or value.; n.: A sort of love song or light impromptu ballad.; v. i.: To figure to one's self; to believe or imagine something without proof.; v. i.: To love.; v. t.: To form a conception of; to portray in the mind; to imagine.; v. t.: To have a fancy for; to like; to be pleased with particularly on account of external appearance or manners.; v. t.: To believe without sufficient evidence; to imagine (something which is unreal).; a.: Adapted to please the fancy or taste; ornamental; as fancy goods.; a.: Extravagant; above real value.
Found on page(s): [2]

trump - trump, Definition(s): n.: A wind instrument of music; a trumpet or sound of a trumpet; -- used chiefly in Scripture and poetry.; v. i.: To blow a trumpet.; n.: A winning card; one of a particular suit (usually determined by chance for each deal) any card of which takes any card of the other suits.; n.: An old game with cards nearly the same as whist; -- called also ruff.; n.: A good fellow; an excellent person.; v. i.: To play a trump card when one of another suit has been led.; v. t.: To play a trump card upon; to take with a trump card; as she trumped the first trick.; v. t.: To trick or impose on; to deceive.; v. t.: To impose unfairly; to palm off.
Found on page(s): [22]

quickly - quickly, Definition(s): adv.: Speedily; with haste or celerity; soon; without delay; quick.
Found on page(s): [32]

usage - usage, Definition(s): n.: The act of using; mode of using or treating; treatment; conduct with respect to a person or a thing; as good usage; ill usage; hard usage.; n.: Manners; conduct; behavior.; n.: Long-continued practice; customary mode of procedure; custom; habitual use; method.; n.: Customary use or employment as of a word or phrase in a particular sense or signification.; n.: Experience.
Found on page(s): [47]

collected - collected, Definition(s): a.: Gathered together.; a.: Self-possessed; calm; composed.
Found on page(s): [37]

rent - rent, Definition(s): v. i.: To rant.; : imp. & p. p. of Rend.; n.: An opening made by rending; a break or breach made by force; a tear.; n.: Figuratively a schism; a rupture of harmony; a separation; as a rent in the church.; v. t.: To tear. See Rend.; n.: Income; revenue. See Catel.; n.: Pay; reward; share; toll.; n.: A certain periodical profit whether in money provisions chattels or labor issuing out of lands and tenements in payment for the use; commonly a certain pecuniary sum agreed upon between a tenant and his landlord paid at fixed intervals by the lessee to the lessor for the use of land or its appendages; as rent for a farm a house a park etc.; n.: To grant the possession and enjoyment of for a rent; to lease; as the owwner of an estate or house rents it.; n.: To take and hold under an agreement to pay rent; as the tennant rents an estate of the owner.; v. i.: To be leased or let for rent; as an estate rents for five hundred dollars a year.
Found on page(s): [23]

anxious - anxious, Definition(s): a.: Full of anxiety or disquietude; greatly concerned or solicitous esp. respecting something future or unknown; being in painful suspense; -- applied to persons; as anxious for the issue of a battle.; a.: Accompanied with or causing anxiety; worrying; -- applied to things; as anxious labor.; a.: Earnestly desirous; as anxious to please.
Found on page(s): [13]

largely - largely, Definition(s): adv.: In a large manner.
Found on page(s): [26, 29]

broad - broad, Definition(s): superl.: Wide; extend in breadth or from side to side; -- opposed to narrow; as a broad street a broad table; an inch broad.; superl.: Extending far and wide; extensive; vast; as the broad expanse of ocean.; superl.: Extended in the sense of diffused; open; clear; full.; superl.: Fig.: Having a large measure of any thing or quality; not limited; not restrained; -- applied to any subject and retaining the literal idea more or less clearly the precise meaning depending largely on the substantive.; superl.: Comprehensive; liberal; enlarged.; superl.: Plain; evident; as a broad hint.; superl.: Free; unrestrained; unconfined.; superl.: Characterized by breadth. See Breadth.; superl.: Cross; coarse; indelicate; as a broad compliment; a broad joke; broad humor.; superl.: Strongly marked; as a broad Scotch accent.; n.: The broad part of anything; as the broad of an oar.; n.: The spread of a river into a sheet of water; a flooded fen.; n.: A lathe tool for turning down the insides and bottoms of cylinders.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 26]

fat - fat, Definition(s): n.: A large tub cistern or vessel; a vat.; n.: A measure of quantity differing for different commodities.; superl.: Fleshy; characterized by fatness; plump; corpulent; not lean; as a fat man; a fat ox.; superl.: Oily; greasy; unctuous; rich; -- said of food.; superl.: Exhibiting the qualities of a fat animal; coarse; heavy; gross; dull; stupid.; superl.: Fertile; productive; as a fat soil; a fat pasture.; superl.: Rich; producing a large income; desirable; as a fat benefice; a fat office; a fat job.; superl.: Abounding in riches; affluent; fortunate.; superl.: Of a character which enables the compositor to make large wages; -- said of matter containing blank cuts or many leads etc.; as a fat take; a fat page.; n.: An oily liquid or greasy substance making up the main bulk of the adipose tissue of animals and widely distributed in the seeds of plants. See Adipose tissue under Adipose.; n.: The best or richest productions; the best part; as to live on the fat of the land.; n.: Work. containing much blank or its equivalent and therefore profitable to the compositor.; a.: To make fat; to fatten; to make plump and fleshy with abundant food; as to fat fowls or sheep.; v. i.: To grow fat plump and fleshy.
Found on page(s): [7]

greed - greed, Definition(s): n.: An eager desire or longing; greediness; as a greed of gain.
Found on page(s): [51]

truly - truly, Definition(s): adv.: In a true manner; according to truth; in agreement with fact; as to state things truly; the facts are truly represented.; adv.: Exactly; justly; precisely; accurately; as to estimate truly the weight of evidence.; adv.: Sincerely; honestly; really; faithfully; as to be truly attached to a lover; the citizens are truly loyal to their prince or their country.; adv.: Conformably to law; legally; legitimately.; adv.: In fact; in deed; in reality; in truth.
Found on page(s): [15, 30]

generation - generation, Definition(s): n.: The act of generating or begetting; procreation as of animals.; n.: Origination by some process mathematical chemical or vital; production; formation; as the generation of sounds of gases of curves etc.; n.: That which is generated or brought forth; progeny; offspiring.; n.: A single step or stage in the succession of natural descent; a rank or remove in genealogy. Hence: The body of those who are of the same genealogical rank or remove from an ancestor; the mass of beings living at one period; also the average lifetime of man or the ordinary period of time at which one rank follows another or father is succeeded by child usually assumed to be one third of a century; an age.; n.: Race; kind; family; breed; stock.; n.: The formation or production of any geometrical magnitude as a line a surface a solid by the motion in accordance with a mathematical law of a point or a magnitude; as the generation of a line or curve by the motion of a point of a surface by a line a sphere by a semicircle etc.; n.: The aggregate of the functions and phenomene which attend reproduction.
Found on page(s): [31]

leanness - leanness, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being lean.
Found on page(s): [7]

counsel - counsel, Definition(s): n.: Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.; n.: Examination of consequences; exercise of deliberate judgment; prudence.; n.: Result of consultation; advice; instruction.; n.: Deliberate purpose; design; intent; scheme; plan.; n.: A secret opinion or purpose; a private matter.; n.: One who gives advice especially in legal matters; one professionally engaged in the trial or management of a cause in court; also collectively the legal advocates united in the management of a case; as the defendant has able counsel.; v. t.: To give advice to; to advice admonish or instruct as a person.; v. t.: To advise or recommend as an act or course.
Found on page(s): [26, 40, 45]

lives - lives, Definition(s): n.: pl. of Life.; a. & adv.: Alive; living; with life.
Found on page(s): [23, 51]

cleave - cleave, Definition(s): v. i. : To adhere closely; to stick; to hold fast; to cling.; v. i. : To unite or be united closely in interest or affection; to adhere with strong attachment.; v. i. : To fit; to be adapted; to assimilate.; v. t.: To part or divide by force; to split or rive; to cut.; v. t.: To part or open naturally; to divide.; v. i.: To part; to open; to crack; to separate; as parts of bodies; as the ground cleaves by frost.
Found on page(s): [43]

aye - aye, Definition(s): adv.: Alt.; n.: An affirmative vote; one who votes in the affirmative; as To call for the ayes and noes; The ayes have it.; a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [15]

lofty - lofty, Definition(s): superl.: Lifted high up; having great height; towering; high.; superl.: Fig.: Elevated in character rank dignity spirit bearing language etc.; exalted; noble; stately; characterized by pride; haughty.
Found on page(s): [23, 28, 33, 36, 38, 45, 52, 53, 55]

stainless - stainless, Definition(s): a.: Free from stain; immaculate.
Found on page(s): [26]

uncontrollable - uncontrollable, Definition(s): a.: Incapable of being controlled; ungovernable; irresistible; as an uncontrollable temper; uncontrollable events.; a.: Indisputable; irrefragable; as an uncontrollable maxim; an uncontrollable title.
Found on page(s): [25]

suit - suit, Definition(s): n.: The act of following or pursuing as game; pursuit.; n.: The act of suing; the process by which one endeavors to gain an end or an object; an attempt to attain a certain result; pursuit; endeavor.; n.: The act of wooing in love; the solicitation of a woman in marriage; courtship.; n.: The attempt to gain an end by legal process; an action or process for the recovery of a right or claim; legal application to a court for justice; prosecution of right before any tribunal; as a civil suit; a criminal suit; a suit in chancery.; n.: That which follows as a retinue; a company of attendants or followers; the assembly of persons who attend upon a prince magistrate or other person of distinction; -- often written suite and pronounced sw/t.; n.: Things that follow in a series or succession; the individual objects collectively considered which constitute a series as of rooms buildings compositions etc.; -- often written suite and pronounced sw/t.; n.: A number of things used together and generally necessary to be united in order to answer their purpose; a number of things ordinarily classed or used together; a set; as a suit of curtains; a suit of armor; a suit of clothes.; n.: One of the four sets of cards which constitute a pack; -- each set consisting of thirteen cards bearing a particular emblem as hearts spades cubs or diamonds.; n.: Regular order; succession.; v. t.: To fit; to adapt; to make proper or suitable; as to suit the action to the word.; v. t.: To be fitted to; to accord with; to become; to befit.; v. t.: To dress; to clothe.; v. t.: To please; to make content; as he is well suited with his place; to suit one's taste.; v. i.: To agree; to accord; to be fitted; to correspond; -- usually followed by with or to.
Found on page(s): [15, 33, 51]

flesh - flesh, Definition(s): n.: The aggregate of the muscles fat and other tissues which cover the framework of bones in man and other animals; especially the muscles.; n.: Animal food in distinction from vegetable; meat; especially the body of beasts and birds used as food as distinguished from fish.; n.: The human body as distinguished from the soul; the corporeal person.; n.: The human eace; mankind; humanity.; n.: In a good sense tenderness of feeling; gentleness.; n.: In a bad sense tendency to transient or physical pleasure; desire for sensual gratification; carnality.; n.: The character under the influence of animal propensities or selfish passions; the soul unmoved by spiritual influences.; n.: Kindred; stock; race.; n.: The soft pulpy substance of fruit; also that part of a root fruit and the like which is fit to be eaten.; v. t.: To feed with flesh as an incitement to further exertion; to initiate; -- from the practice of training hawks and dogs by feeding them with the first game they take or other flesh. Hence to use upon flesh (as a murderous weapon) so as to draw blood especially for the first time.; v. t.: To glut; to satiate; hence to harden to accustom.; v. t.: To remove flesh membrance etc. from as from hides.
Found on page(s): [27, 39, 51]

denial - denial, Definition(s): n.: The act of gainsaying refusing or disowning; negation; -- the contrary of affirmation.; n.: A refusal to admit the truth of a statement charge imputation etc.; assertion of the untruth of a thing stated or maintained; a contradiction.; n.: A refusal to grant; rejection of a request.; n.: A refusal to acknowledge; disclaimer of connection with; disavowal; -- the contrary of confession; as the denial of a fault charged on one; a denial of God.
Found on page(s): [49]

liege - liege, Definition(s): a.: Sovereign; independent; having authority or right to allegiance; as a liege lord.; a.: Serving an independent sovereign or master; bound by a feudal tenure; obliged to be faithful and loyal to a superior as a vassal to his lord; faithful; loyal; as a liege man; a liege subject.; a.: Full; perfect; complete; pure.; n.: A free and independent person; specif. a lord paramount; a sovereign.; n.: The subject of a sovereign or lord; a liegeman.
Found on page(s): [30]

guard - guard, Definition(s): n.: To protect from danger; to secure against surprise attack or injury; to keep in safety; to defend; to shelter; to shield from surprise or attack; to protect by attendance; to accompany for protection; to care for.; n.: To keep watch over in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence or the like.; n.: To protect the edge of esp. with an ornamental border; hence to face or ornament with lists laces etc.; n.: To fasten by binding; to gird.; v. i.: To watch by way of caution or defense; to be caution; to be in a state or position of defense or safety; as careful persons guard against mistakes.; v. t.: One who or that which guards from injury danger exposure or attack; defense; protection.; v. t.: A man or body of men stationed to protect or control a person or position; a watch; a sentinel.; v. t.: One who has charge of a mail coach or a railway train; a conductor.; v. t.: That part of a sword hilt which protects the hand.; v. t.: Ornamental lace or hem protecting the edge of a garment.; v. t.: A chain or cord for fastening a watch to one's person or dress.; v. t.: A fence or rail to prevent falling from the deck of a vessel.; v. t.: An extension of the deck of a vessel beyond the hull; esp. in side-wheel steam vessels the framework of strong timbers which curves out on each side beyond the paddle wheel and protects it and the shaft against collision.; v. t.: A plate of metal beneath the stock or the lock frame of a gun or pistol having a loop called a bow to protect the trigger.; v. t.: An interleaved strip at the back as in a scrap book to guard against its breaking when filled.; v. t.: A posture of defense in fencing and in bayonet and saber exercise.; v. t.: An expression or admission intended to secure against objections or censure.; v. t.: Watch; heed; care; attention; as to keep guard.; v. t.: The fibrous sheath which covers the phragmacone of the Belemnites.
Found on page(s): [30, 44]

pattern - pattern, Definition(s): n.: Anything proposed for imitation; an archetype; an exemplar; that which is to be or is worthy to be copied or imitated; as a pattern of a machine.; n.: A part showing the figure or quality of the whole; a specimen; a sample; an example; an instance.; n.: Stuff sufficient for a garment; as a dress pattern.; n.: Figure or style of decoration; design; as wall paper of a beautiful pattern.; n.: Something made after a model; a copy.; n.: Anything cut or formed to serve as a guide to cutting or forming objects; as a dressmaker's pattern.; n.: A full-sized model around which a mold of sand is made to receive the melted metal. It is usually made of wood and in several parts so as to be removed from the mold without injuring it.; v. t.: To make or design (anything) by from or after something that serves as a pattern; to copy; to model; to imitate.; v. t.: To serve as an example for; also to parallel.
Found on page(s): [53]

vatican - vatican, Definition(s): n.: A magnificent assemblage of buildings at Rome near the church of St. Peter including the pope's palace a museum a library a famous chapel etc.
Found on page(s): [35]

cherubic - cherubic, Definition(s): a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [40]

gain - gain, Definition(s): n.: A square or beveled notch cut out of a girder binding joist or other timber which supports a floor beam so as to receive the end of the floor beam.; a.: Convenient; suitable; direct; near; handy; dexterous; easy; profitable; cheap; respectable.; v. t.: That which is gained obtained or acquired as increase profit advantage or benefit; -- opposed to loss.; v. t.: The obtaining or amassing of profit or valuable possessions; acquisition; accumulation.; n.: To get as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as to gain a good living.; n.: To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition; as to gain a battle; to gain a case at law; to gain a prize.; n.: To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.; n.: To reach; to attain to; to arrive at; as to gain the top of a mountain; to gain a good harbor.; n.: To get incur or receive as loss harm or damage.; v. i.: To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest health or happiness; to make progress; as the sick man gains daily.
Found on page(s): [2]

befitting - befitting, Definition(s): a.: Suitable; proper; becoming; fitting.
Found on page(s): [52]

seldom - seldom, Definition(s): a.: Rare; infrequent.
Found on page(s): [1, 15]

soaring - soaring, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Soar.
Found on page(s): [4]

glorious - glorious, Definition(s): n.: Exhibiting attributes qualities or acts that are worthy of or receive glory; noble; praiseworthy; excellent; splendid; illustrious; inspiring admiration; as glorious deeds.; n.: Eager for glory or distinction; haughty; boastful; ostentatious; vainglorious.; n.: Ecstatic; hilarious; elated with drink.
Found on page(s): [5, 39, 51]

quaint - quaint, Definition(s): a.: Prudent; wise; hence crafty; artful; wily.; a.: Characterized by ingenuity or art; finely fashioned; skillfully wrought; elegant; graceful; nice; neat.; a.: Curious and fanciful; affected; odd; whimsical; antique; archaic; singular; unusual; as quaint architecture; a quaint expression.
Found on page(s): [6]

explore - explore, Definition(s): v. t.: To seek for or after; to strive to attain by search; to look wisely and carefully for.; v. t.: To search through or into; to penetrate or range over for discovery; to examine thoroughly; as to explore new countries or seas; to explore the depths of science.
Found on page(s): [26]

fervency - fervency, Definition(s): n.: The state of being fervent or warm; ardor; warmth of feeling or devotion; eagerness.
Found on page(s): [40]

born - born, Definition(s): v. t.: Brought forth as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.; v. t.: Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as a born liar.
Found on page(s): [10, 19, 23, 31, 32, 44]

climate - climate, Definition(s): v. i.: One of thirty regions or zones parallel to the equator into which the surface of the earth from the equator to the pole was divided according to the successive increase of the length of the midsummer day.; v. i.: The condition of a place in relation to various phenomena of the atmosphere as temperature moisture etc. especially as they affect animal or vegetable life.; v. i.: To dwell.
Found on page(s): [32]

bore - bore, Definition(s): v. t.: To perforate or penetrate as a solid body by turning an auger gimlet drill or other instrument; to make a round hole in or through; to pierce; as to bore a plank.; v. t.: To form or enlarge by means of a boring instrument or apparatus; as to bore a steam cylinder or a gun barrel; to bore a hole.; v. t.: To make (a passage) by laborious effort as in boring; as to bore one's way through a crowd; to force a narrow and difficult passage through.; v. t.: To weary by tedious iteration or by dullness; to tire; to trouble; to vex; to annoy; to pester.; v. t.: To befool; to trick.; v. i.: To make a hole or perforation with or as with a boring instrument; to cut a circular hole by the rotary motion of a tool; as to bore for water or oil (i. e. to sink a well by boring for water or oil); to bore with a gimlet; to bore into a tree (as insects).; v. i.: To be pierced or penetrated by an instrument that cuts as it turns; as this timber does not bore well or is hard to bore.; v. i.: To push forward in a certain direction with laborious effort.; v. i.: To shoot out the nose or toss it in the air; -- said of a horse.; n.: A hole made by boring; a perforation.; n.: The internal cylindrical cavity of a gun cannon pistol or other firearm or of a pipe or tube.; n.: The size of a hole; the interior diameter of a tube or gun barrel; the caliber.; n.: A tool for making a hole by boring as an auger.; n.: Caliber; importance.; n.: A person or thing that wearies by prolixity or dullness; a tiresome person or affair; any person or thing which causes ennui.; n.: A tidal flood which regularly or occasionally rushes into certain rivers of peculiar configuration or location in one or more waves which present a very abrupt front of considerable height dangerous to shipping as at the mouth of the Amazon in South America the Hoogly and Indus in India and the Tsien-tang in China.; n.: Less properly a very high and rapid tidal flow when not so abrupt such as occurs at the Bay of Fundy and in the British Channel.; : imp. of 1st & 2d Bear.
Found on page(s): [5]

wrong - wrong, Definition(s): : imp. of Wring. Wrung.; a.: Twisted; wry; as a wrong nose.; a.: Not according to the laws of good morals whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true; not legal; as a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires.; a.: Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect; as to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way.; a.: Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous; as a wrong statement.; a.: Designed to be worn or placed inward; as the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth.; adv.: In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly.; a.: That which is not right.; a.: Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right.; a.: Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error; as to be in the wrong.; a.: Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually an act that involves evil consequences as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right.; v. t.: To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure.; v. t.: To impute evil to unjustly; as if you suppose me capable of a base act you wrong me.
Found on page(s): [15, 21, 23, 25, 45, 54]

wanton - wanton, Definition(s): v. t.: Untrained; undisciplined; unrestrained; hence loose; free; luxuriant; roving; sportive.; v. t.: Wandering from moral rectitude; perverse; dissolute.; v. t.: Specifically: Deviating from the rules of chastity; lewd; lustful; lascivious; libidinous; lecherous.; v. t.: Reckless; heedless; as wanton mischief.; n.: A roving frolicsome thing; a trifler; -- used rarely as a term of endearment.; n.: One brought up without restraint; a pampered pet.; n.: A lewd person; a lascivious man or woman.; v. i.: To rove and ramble without restraint rule or limit; to revel; to play loosely; to frolic.; v. i.: To sport in lewdness; to play the wanton; to play lasciviously.; v. t.: To cause to become wanton; also to waste in wantonness.
Found on page(s): [18]

thenceforth - thenceforth, Definition(s): adv.: From that time; thereafter.
Found on page(s): [41, 51]

pleased - pleased, Definition(s): a.: Experiencing pleasure.
Found on page(s): [25]

rage - rage, Definition(s): n.: Violent excitement; eager passion; extreme vehemence of desire emotion or suffering mastering the will.; n.: Especially anger accompanied with raving; overmastering wrath; violent anger; fury.; n.: A violent or raging wind.; n.: The subject of eager desire; that which is sought after or prosecuted with unreasonable or excessive passion; as to be all the rage.; n.: To be furious with anger; to be exasperated to fury; to be violently agitated with passion.; n.: To be violent and tumultuous; to be violently driven or agitated; to act or move furiously; as the raging sea or winds.; n.: To ravage; to prevail without restraint or with destruction or fatal effect; as the plague raged in Cairo.; n.: To toy or act wantonly; to sport.; v. t.: To enrage.
Found on page(s): [55]

behold - behold, Definition(s): v. t.: To have in sight; to see clearly; to look at; to regard with the eyes.; v. i.: To direct the eyes to or fix them upon an object; to look; to see.
Found on page(s): [1, 5, 6, 10, 19, 21, 37, 38, 46]

parted - parted, Definition(s): a.: Separated; devided.; a.: Endowed with parts or abilities.; a.: Cleft so that the divisions reach nearly but not quite to the midrib or the base of the blade; -- said of a leaf and used chiefly in composition; as three-parted five-parted etc.
Found on page(s): [24]

festivity - festivity, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being festive; social joy or exhilaration of spirits at an entertaintment; joyfulness; gayety.; n.: A festival; a festive celebration.
Found on page(s): [43]

certain - certain, Definition(s): a.: Assured in mind; having no doubts; free from suspicions concerning.; a.: Determined; resolved; -- used with an infinitive.; a.: Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact.; a.: Actually existing; sure to happen; inevitable.; a.: Unfailing; infallible.; a.: Fixed or stated; regular; determinate.; a.: Not specifically named; indeterminate; indefinite; one or some; -- sometimes used independenty as a noun and meaning certain persons.; n.: Certainty.; n.: A certain number or quantity.; adv.: Certainly.
Found on page(s): [27, 42]

offspring - offspring, Definition(s): n.sing. & pl.: The act of production; generation.; n.sing. & pl.: That which is produced; a child or children; a descendant or descendants however remote from the stock.; n.sing. & pl.: Origin; lineage; family.
Found on page(s): [24, 37]

shut - shut, Definition(s): v. t.: To close so as to hinder ingress or egress; as to shut a door or a gate; to shut one's eyes or mouth.; v. t.: To forbid entrance into; to prohibit; to bar; as to shut the ports of a country by a blockade.; v. t.: To preclude; to exclude; to bar out.; v. t.: To fold together; to close over as the fingers; to close by bringing the parts together; as to shut the hand; to shut a book.; v. i.: To close itself; to become closed; as the door shuts; it shuts hard.; a.: Closed or fastened; as a shut door.; a.: Rid; clear; free; as to get shut of a person.; a.: Formed by complete closure of the mouth passage and with the nose passage remaining closed; stopped as are the mute consonants p t k b d and hard g.; a.: Cut off sharply and abruptly by a following consonant in the same syllable as the English short vowels / / / / / always are.; n.: The act or time of shutting; close; as the shut of a door.; n.: A door or cover; a shutter.; n.: The line or place where two pieces of metal are united by welding.
Found on page(s): [44]

fed - fed, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Feed.
Found on page(s): [7, 45]

widow - widow, Definition(s): n.: A woman who has lost her husband by death and has not married again; one living bereaved of a husband.; a.: Widowed.; v. t.: To reduce to the condition of a widow; to bereave of a husband; -- rarely used except in the past participle.; v. t.: To deprive of one who is loved; to strip of anything beloved or highly esteemed; to make desolate or bare; to bereave.; v. t.: To endow with a widow's right.; v. t.: To become or survive as the widow of.
Found on page(s): [38]

distinction - distinction, Definition(s): n.: A marking off by visible signs; separation into parts; division.; n.: The act of distinguishing or denoting the differences between objects or the qualities by which one is known from others; exercise of discernment; discrimination.; n.: That which distinguishes one thing from another; distinguishing quality; sharply defined difference; as the distinction between real and apparent good.; n.: Estimation of difference; regard to differences or distinguishing circumstance.; n.: Conspicuous station; eminence; superiority; honorable estimation; as a man of distinction.
Found on page(s): [40, 49]

retrace - retrace, Definition(s): v. t.: To trace back as a line.; v. t.: To go back in or over (a previous course); to go over again in a reverse direction; as to retrace one's steps; to retrace one's proceedings.; v. t.: To trace over again or renew the outline of as a drawing; to draw again.
Found on page(s): [10]

minded - minded, Definition(s): a.: Disposed; inclined; having a mind.
Found on page(s): [21]

influence - influence, Definition(s): n.: A flowing in or upon; influx.; n.: Hence in general the bringing about of an effect phusical or moral by a gradual process; controlling power quietly exerted; agency force or tendency of any kind which the sun exerts on animal and vegetable life; the influence of education on the mind; the influence according to astrologersof the stars over affairs.; n.: Power or authority arising from elevated station excelence of character or intellect wealth etc.; reputation; acknowledged ascendency; as he is a man of influence in the community.; n.: Induction.; v. t.: To control or move by power physical or moral; to affect by gentle action; to exert an influence upon; to modify bias or sway; to move; to persuade; to induce.
Found on page(s): [20, 36, 41, 48]

cloud - cloud, Definition(s): n.: A collection of visible vapor or watery particles suspended in the upper atmosphere.; n.: A mass or volume of smoke or flying dust resembling vapor.; n.: A dark vein or spot on a lighter material as in marble; hence a blemish or defect; as a cloud upon one's reputation; a cloud on a title.; n.: That which has a dark lowering or threatening aspect; that which temporarily overshadows obscures or depresses; as a cloud of sorrow; a cloud of war; a cloud upon the intellect.; n.: A great crowd or multitude; a vast collection.; n.: A large loosely-knitted scarf worn by women about the head.; v. t.: To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds; as the sky is clouded.; v. t.: To darken or obscure as if by hiding or enveloping with a cloud; hence to render gloomy or sullen.; v. t.: To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish; to damage; -- esp. used of reputation or character.; v. t.: To mark with or darken in veins or sports; to variegate with colors; as to cloud yarn.; v. i.: To grow cloudy; to become obscure with clouds; -- often used with up.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 30, 43]

shun - shun, Definition(s): v. t.: To avoid; to keep clear of; to get out of the way of; to escape from; to eschew; as to shun rocks shoals vice.
Found on page(s): [14, 15]

lilied - lilied, Definition(s): a.: Covered with or having many lilies.
Found on page(s): [23]

foil - foil, Definition(s): v. t.: To tread under foot; to trample.; v. t.: To render (an effort or attempt) vain or nugatory; to baffle; to outwit; to balk; to frustrate; to defeat.; v. t.: To blunt; to dull; to spoil; as to foil the scent in chase.; v. t.: To defile; to soil.; n.: Failure of success when on the point of attainment; defeat; frustration; miscarriage.; n.: A blunt weapon used in fencing resembling a smallsword in the main but usually lighter and having a button at the point.; n.: The track or trail of an animal.; n.: A leaf or very thin sheet of metal; as brass foil; tin foil; gold foil.; n.: A thin leaf of sheet copper silvered and burnished and afterwards coated with transparent colors mixed with isinglass; -- employed by jewelers to give color or brilliancy to pastes and inferior stones.; n.: Anything that serves by contrast of color or quality to adorn or set off another thing to advantage.; n.: A thin coat of tin with quicksilver laid on the back of a looking-glass to cause reflection.; n.: The space between the cusps in Gothic architecture; a rounded or leaflike ornament in windows niches etc. A group of foils is called trefoil quatrefoil quinquefoil etc. according to the number of arcs of which it is composed.
Found on page(s): [54]

strain - strain, Definition(s): n.: Race; stock; generation; descent; family.; n.: Hereditary character quality or disposition.; n.: Rank; a sort.; a.: To draw with force; to extend with great effort; to stretch; as to strain a rope; to strain the shrouds of a ship; to strain the cords of a musical instrument.; a.: To act upon in any way so as to cause change of form or volume as forces on a beam to bend it.; a.: To exert to the utmost; to ply vigorously.; a.: To stretch beyond its proper limit; to do violence to in the matter of intent or meaning; as to strain the law in order to convict an accused person.; a.: To injure by drawing stretching or the exertion of force; as the gale strained the timbers of the ship.; a.: To injure in the muscles or joints by causing to make too strong an effort; to harm by overexertion; to sprain; as to strain a horse by overloading; to strain the wrist; to strain a muscle.; a.: To squeeze; to press closely.; a.: To make uneasy or unnatural; to produce with apparent effort; to force; to constrain.; a.: To urge with importunity; to press; as to strain a petition or invitation.; a.: To press or cause to pass through a strainer as through a screen a cloth or some porous substance; to purify or separate from extraneous or solid matter by filtration; to filter; as to strain milk through cloth.; v. i.: To make violent efforts.; v. i.: To percolate; to be filtered; as water straining through a sandy soil.; n.: The act of straining or the state of being strained.; n.: A violent effort; an excessive and hurtful exertion or tension as of the muscles; as he lifted the weight with a strain; the strain upon a ship's rigging in a gale; also the hurt or injury resulting; a sprain.; n.: A change of form or dimensions of a solid or liquid mass produced by a stress.; n.: A portion of music divided off by a double bar; a complete musical period or sentence; a movement or any rounded subdivision of a movement.; n.: Any sustained note or movement; a song; a distinct portion of an ode or other poem; also the pervading note or burden of a song poem oration book etc.; theme; motive; manner; style; also a course of action or conduct; as he spoke in a noble strain; there was a strain of woe in his story; a strain of trickery appears in his career.; n.: Turn; tendency; inborn disposition. Cf. 1st Strain.
Found on page(s): [17, 29, 32, 38]

rain - rain, Definition(s): n. & v.: Reign.; n.: Water falling in drops from the clouds; the descent of water from the clouds in drops.; n.: To fall in drops from the clouds as water; -- used mostly with it for a nominative; as it rains.; n.: To fall or drop like water from the clouds; as tears rained from their eyes.; v. t.: To pour or shower down from above like rain from the clouds.; v. t.: To bestow in a profuse or abundant manner; as to rain favors upon a person.
Found on page(s): [3]

visible - visible, Definition(s): a.: Perceivable by the eye; capable of being seen; perceptible; in view; as a visible star; the least spot is visible on white paper.; a.: Noticeable; apparent; open; conspicuous.
Found on page(s): [51]

king - king, Definition(s): n.: A Chinese musical instrument consisting of resonant stones or metal plates arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood and struck with a hammer.; n.: A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation country or tribe usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.; n.: One who or that which holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.; n.: A playing card having the picture of a king; as the king of diamonds.; n.: The chief piece in the game of chess.; n.: A crowned man in the game of draughts.; n.: The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.; v. i.: To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Found on page(s): [11, 13, 32, 49]

kind - kind, Definition(s): superl.: Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.; superl.: Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as a kind man; a kind heart.; superl.: Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious.; superl.: Proceeding from or characterized by goodness gentleness or benevolence; as a kind act.; superl.: Gentle; tractable; easily governed; as a horse kind in harness.; a.: Nature; natural instinct or disposition.; a.: Race; genus; species; generic class; as in mankind or humankind.; a.: Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class; as there are several kinds of eloquence of style and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil etc.; v. t.: To beget.
Found on page(s): [2, 6, 19, 24, 48]

sung - sung, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Sing.
Found on page(s): [28, 42, 47]

resurrection - resurrection, Definition(s): n.: A rising again; the resumption of vigor.; n.: Especially the rising again from the dead; the resumption of life by the dead; as the resurrection of Jesus Christ; the general resurrection of all the dead at the Day of Judgment.; n.: State of being risen from the dead; future state.; n.: The cause or exemplar of a rising from the dead.
Found on page(s): [27]

voyage - voyage, Definition(s): n.: Formerly a passage either by sea or land; a journey in general; but not chiefly limited to a passing by sea or water from one place port or country to another; especially a passing or journey by water to a distant place or country.; n.: The act or practice of traveling.; n.: Course; way.; v. i.: To take a voyage; especially to sail or pass by water.; v. t.: To travel; to pass over; to traverse.
Found on page(s): [31]

denizen - denizen, Definition(s): n.: A dweller; an inhabitant.; n.: One who is admitted by favor to all or a part of the rights of citizenship where he did not possess them by birth; an adopted or naturalized citizen.; n.: One admitted to residence in a foreign country.; v. t.: To constitute (one) a denizen; to admit to residence with certain rights and privileges.; v. t.: To provide with denizens; to populate with adopted or naturalized occupants.
Found on page(s): [35]

keen - keen, Definition(s): superl.: Sharp; having a fine edge or point; as a keen razor or a razor with a keen edge.; superl.: Acute of mind; sharp; penetrating; having or expressing mental acuteness; as a man of keen understanding; a keen look; keen features.; superl.: Bitter; piercing; acrimonious; cutting; stinging; severe; as keen satire or sarcasm.; superl.: Piercing; penetrating; cutting; sharp; -- applied to cold wind etc ; as a keen wind; the cold is very keen.; superl.: Eager; vehement; fierce; as a keen appetite.; v. t.: To sharpen; to make cold.; n.: A prolonged wail for a deceased person. Cf. Coranach.; v. i.: To wail as a keener does.
Found on page(s): [6, 47]

nutrition - nutrition, Definition(s): n.: In the broadest sense a process or series of processes by which the living organism as a whole (or its component parts or organs) is maintained in its normal condition of life and growth.; n.: In a more limited sense the process by which the living tissues take up from the blood matters necessary either for their repair or for the performance of their healthy functions.; n.: That which nourishes; nutriment.
Found on page(s): [17]

keel - keel, Definition(s): v. t. & i.: To cool; to skim or stir.; n.: A brewer's cooling vat; a keelfat.; n.: A longitudinal timber or series of timbers scarfed together extending from stem to stern along the bottom of a vessel. It is the principal timber of the vessel and by means of the ribs attached on each side supports the vessel's frame. In an iron vessel a combination of plates supplies the place of the keel of a wooden ship. See Illust. of Keelson.; n.: Fig.: The whole ship.; n.: A barge or lighter used on the Type for carrying coal from Newcastle; also a barge load of coal twenty-one tons four cwt.; n.: The two lowest petals of the corolla of a papilionaceous flower united and inclosing the stamens and pistil; a carina. See Carina.; n.: A projecting ridge along the middle of a flat or curved surface.; v. i.: To traverse with a keel; to navigate.; v. i.: To turn up the keel; to show the bottom.
Found on page(s): [5]

parting - parting, Definition(s): v.: Serving to part; dividing; separating.; v.: Given when departing; as a parting shot; a parting salute.; v.: Departing.; v.: Admitting of being parted; partible.; n.: The act of parting or dividing; the state of being parted; division; separation.; n.: A separation; a leave-taking.; n.: A surface or line of separation where a division occurs.; n.: The surface of the sand of one section of a mold where it meets that of another section.; n.: The separation and determination of alloys; esp. the separation as by acids of gold from silver in the assay button.; n.: A joint or fissure as in a coal seam.; n.: The breaking as of a cable by violence.; n.: Lamellar separation in a crystallized mineral due to some other cause than cleavage as to the presence of twinning lamellae.
Found on page(s): [29]

phrase - phrase, Definition(s): n.: A brief expression sometimes a single word but usually two or more words forming an expression by themselves or being a portion of a sentence; as an adverbial phrase.; n.: A short pithy expression; especially one which is often employed; a peculiar or idiomatic turn of speech; as to err is human.; n.: A mode or form of speech; the manner or style in which any one expreses himself; diction; expression.; n.: A short clause or portion of a period.; v. t.: To express in words or in peculiar words; to call; to style.; v. i.: To use proper or fine phrases.; v. i.: To group notes into phrases; as he phrases well. See Phrase n. 4.
Found on page(s): [40]

affection - affection, Definition(s): n.: The act of affecting or acting upon; the state of being affected.; n.: An attribute; a quality or property; a condition; a bodily state; as figure weight etc.  are affections of bodies.; n.: Bent of mind; a feeling or natural impulse or natural impulse acting upon and swaying the mind; any emotion; as the benevolent affections esteem gratitude etc.; the malevolent affections hatred envy etc.; inclination; disposition; propensity; tendency.; n.: A settled good will; kind feeling; love; zealous or tender attachment; -- often in the pl. Formerly followed by to but now more generally by for or towards; as filial social or conjugal affections; to have an affection for or towards children.; n.: Prejudice; bias.; n.: Disease; morbid symptom; malady; as a pulmonary affection.; n.: The lively representation of any emotion.; n.: Affectation.; n.: Passion; violent emotion.
Found on page(s): [15, 23, 32, 39, 50]

alpine - alpine, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the Alps or to any lofty mountain; as Alpine snows; Alpine plants.; a.: Like the Alps; lofty.
Found on page(s): [21]

effect - effect, Definition(s): n.: Execution; performance; realization; operation; as the law goes into effect in May.; n.: Manifestation; expression; sign.; n.: In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as the effect of luxury.; n.: Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.; n.: Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as to speak with effect.; n.: Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.; n.: The purport; the sum and substance.; n.: Reality; actual meaning; fact as distinguished from mere appearance.; n.: Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as the people escaped from the town with their effects.; v. t.: To produce as a cause or agent; to cause to be.; v. t.: To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Found on page(s): [31]

eagle - eagle, Definition(s): n.: Any large rapacious bird of the Falcon family esp. of the genera Aquila and Haliaeetus. The eagle is remarkable for strength size graceful figure keenness of vision and extraordinary flight. The most noted species are the golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetus); the imperial eagle of Europe (A. mogilnik / imperialis); the American bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus); the European sea eagle (H. albicilla); and the great harpy eagle (Thrasaetus harpyia). The figure of the eagle as the king of birds is commonly used as an heraldic emblem and also for standards and emblematic devices. See Bald eagle Harpy and Golden eagle.; n.: A gold coin of the United States of the value of ten dollars.; n.: A northern constellation containing Altair a star of the first magnitude. See Aquila.; n.: The figure of an eagle borne as an emblem on the standard of the ancient Romans or so used upon the seal or standard of any people.
Found on page(s): [2, 20]

daughter - daughter, Definition(s): n.: The female offspring of the human species; a female child of any age; -- applied also to the lower animals.; n.: A female descendant; a woman.; n.: A son's wife; a daughter-in-law.; n.: A term of address indicating parental interest.
Found on page(s): [34, 37]

courteous - courteous, Definition(s): a.: Of courtlike manners; pertaining to or expressive of courtesy; characterized by courtesy; civil; obliging; well bred; polite; affable; complaisant.
Found on page(s): [33]

erroneous - erroneous, Definition(s): a.: Wandering; straying; deviating from the right course; -- hence irregular; unnatural.; a.: Misleading; misled; mistaking.; a.: Containing error; not conformed to truth or justice; incorrect; false; mistaken; as an erroneous doctrine; erroneous opinion observation deduction view etc.
Found on page(s): [7]

weigh - weigh, Definition(s): n.: A corruption of Way used only in the phrase under weigh.; v. t.: To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up; as to weigh anchor.; v. t.: To examine by the balance; to ascertain the weight of that is the force with which a thing tends to the center of the earth; to determine the heaviness or quantity of matter of; as to weigh sugar; to weigh gold.; v. t.: To be equivalent to in weight; to counterbalance; to have the heaviness of.; v. t.: To pay allot take or give by weight.; v. t.: To examine or test as if by the balance; to ponder in the mind; to consider or examine for the purpose of forming an opinion or coming to a conclusion; to estimate deliberately and maturely; to balance.; v. t.: To consider as worthy of notice; to regard.; v. i.: To have weight; to be heavy.; v. i.: To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance.; v. i.: To bear heavily; to press hard.; v. i.: To judge; to estimate.; n.: A certain quantity estimated by weight; an English measure of weight. See Wey.
Found on page(s): [42]

wondrous - wondrous, Definition(s): n.: In a wonderful or surprising manner or degree; wonderfully.; a.: Wonderful; astonishing; admirable; marvelous; such as excite surprise and astonishment; strange.
Found on page(s): [5, 10, 42, 44, 47, 51]

imprisonment - imprisonment, Definition(s): n.: The act of imprisoning or the state of being imprisoned; confinement; restraint.
Found on page(s): [53]

wakeful - wakeful, Definition(s): a.: Not sleeping; indisposed to sleep; watchful; vigilant.
Found on page(s): [56]

intelligibly - intelligibly, Definition(s): adv.: In an intelligible manner; so as to be understood; clearly; plainly; as to write or speak intelligibly.
Found on page(s): [6]

faith - faith, Definition(s): n.: Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.; n.: The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief on probable evidence of any kind especially in regard to important moral truth.; n.: The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative and the supernatural origin of its teachings sometimes called historical and speculative faith.; n.: The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures with a practical love of them; especially that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ which affects the character and life and makes a man a true Christian -- called a practical evangelical or saving faith.; n.: That which is believed on any subject whether in science politics or religion; especially (Theol.) a system of religious belief of any kind; as the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially the system of truth taught by Christ; as the Christian faith; also the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.; n.: Fidelity to one's promises or allegiance to duty or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.; n.: Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as he violated his faith.; n.: Credibility or truth.; interj.: By my faith; in truth; verily.
Found on page(s): [6, 14, 18, 20, 42, 44]

generator - generator, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which generates begets causes or produces.; n.: An apparatus in which vapor or gas is formed from a liquid or solid by means of heat or chemical process as a steam boiler gas retort or vessel for generating carbonic acid gas etc.; n.: The principal sound or sounds by which others are produced; the fundamental note or root of the common chord; -- called also generating tone.
Found on page(s): [31]

inspiration - inspiration, Definition(s): n.: The act of inspiring or breathing in; breath; specif. (Physiol.) the drawing of air into the lungs accomplished in mammals by elevation of the chest walls and flattening of the diaphragm; -- the opposite of expiration.; n.: The act or power of exercising an elevating or stimulating influence upon the intellect or emotions; the result of such influence which quickens or stimulates; as the inspiration of occasion of art etc.; n.: A supernatural divine influence on the prophets apostles or sacred writers by which they were qualified to communicate moral or religious truth with authority; a supernatural influence which qualifies men to receive and communicate divine truth; also the truth communicated.
Found on page(s): [20]

footing - footing, Definition(s): n.: Ground for the foot; place for the foot to rest on; firm foundation to stand on.; n.: Standing; position; established place; basis for operation; permanent settlement; foothold.; n.: Relative condition; state.; n.: Tread; step; especially measured tread.; n.: The act of adding up a column of figures; the amount or sum total of such a column.; n.: The act of putting a foot to anything; also that which is added as a foot; as the footing of a stocking.; n.: A narrow cotton lace without figures.; n.: The finer refuse part of whale blubber not wholly deprived of oil.; n.: The thickened or sloping portion of a wall or of an embankment at its foot.
Found on page(s): [40, 41, 43]

increate - increate, Definition(s): v. t.: To create within.; a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [5]

alone - alone, Definition(s): a.: Quite by one's self; apart from or exclusive of others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.; a.: Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only.; a.: Sole; only; exclusive.; a.: Hence; Unique; rare; matchless.; adv.: Solely; simply; exclusively.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 10, 11, 13, 15, 16, 25, 26, 28, 44]

joy - joy, Definition(s): n.: The passion or emotion excited by the acquisition or expectation of good; pleasurable feelings or emotions caused by success good fortune and the like or by a rational prospect of possessing what we love or desire; gladness; exhilaration of spirits; delight.; n.: That which causes joy or happiness.; n.: The sign or exhibition of joy; gayety; mirth; merriment; festivity.; n.: To rejoice; to be glad; to delight; to exult.; v. t.: To give joy to; to congratulate.; v. t.: To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate.; v. t.: To enjoy.
Found on page(s): [2, 8, 10, 19, 29, 30, 51]

parallel - parallel, Definition(s): a.: Extended in the same direction and in all parts equally distant; as parallel lines; parallel planes.; a.: Having the same direction or tendency; running side by side; being in accordance (with); tending to the same result; -- used with to and with.; a.: Continuing a resemblance through many particulars; applicable in all essential parts; like; similar; as a parallel case; a parallel passage.; n.: A line which throughout its whole extent is equidistant from another line; a parallel line a parallel plane etc.; n.: Conformity continued through many particulars or in all essential points; resemblance; similarity.; n.: A comparison made; elaborate tracing of similarity; as Johnson's parallel between Dryden and Pope.; n.: Anything equal to or resembling another in all essential particulars; a counterpart.; n.: One of the imaginary circles on the surface of the earth parallel to the equator marking the latitude; also the corresponding line on a globe or map.; n.: One of a series of long trenches constructed before a besieged fortress by the besieging force as a cover for troops supporting the attacking batteries. They are roughly parallel to the line of outer defenses of the fortress.; n.: A character consisting of two parallel vertical lines (thus ) used in the text to direct attention to a similarly marked note in the margin or at the foot of a page.; v. t.: To place or set so as to be parallel; to place so as to be parallel to or to conform in direction with something else.; v. t.: Fig.: To make to conform to something else in character motive aim or the like.; v. t.: To equal; to match; to correspond to.; v. t.: To produce or adduce as a parallel.; v. i.: To be parallel; to correspond; to be like.
Found on page(s): [43]

sad - sad, Definition(s): supperl.: Sated; satisfied; weary; tired.; supperl.: Heavy; weighty; ponderous; close; hard.; supperl.: Dull; grave; dark; somber; -- said of colors.; supperl.: Serious; grave; sober; steadfast; not light or frivolous.; supperl.: Affected with grief or unhappiness; cast down with affliction; downcast; gloomy; mournful.; supperl.: Afflictive; calamitous; causing sorrow; as a sad accident; a sad misfortune.; supperl.: Hence bad; naughty; troublesome; wicked.; v. t.: To make sorrowful; to sadden.
Found on page(s): [22]

spume - spume, Definition(s): n.: Frothy matter raised on liquids by boiling effervescence or agitation; froth; foam; scum.; v. i.: To froth; to foam.
Found on page(s): [25]

sheet - sheet, Definition(s): v. t.: In general a large broad piece of anything thin as paper cloth etc.; a broad thin portion of any substance; an expanded superficies.; v. t.: A broad piece of cloth usually linen or cotton used for wrapping the body or for a covering; especially one used as an article of bedding next to the body.; v. t.: A broad piece of paper whether folded or unfolded whether blank or written or printed upon; hence a letter; a newspaper etc.; v. t.: the book itself.; v. t.: A broad thinly expanded portion of metal or other substance; as a sheet of copper of glass or the like; a plate; a leaf.; v. t.: A broad expanse of water or the like.; v. t.: A sail.; v. t.: An extensive bed of an eruptive rock intruded between or overlying other strata.; v. t.: A rope or chain which regulates the angle of adjustment of a sail in relation in relation to the wind; -- usually attached to the lower corner of a sail or to a yard or a boom.; v. t.: The space in the forward or the after part of a boat where there are no rowers; as fore sheets; stern sheets.; v. t.: To furnish with a sheet or sheets; to wrap in or cover with a sheet or as with a sheet.; v. t.: To expand as a sheet.
Found on page(s): [33]

unbounded - unbounded, Definition(s): a.: Having no bound or limit; as unbounded space; an unbounded ambition.
Found on page(s): [51]

sheen - sheen, Definition(s): v. t.: Bright; glittering; radiant; fair; showy; sheeny.; v. i.: To shine; to glisten.; n.: Brightness; splendor; glitter.
Found on page(s): [53]

win - win, Definition(s): a.: To gain by superiority in competition or contest; to obtain by victory over competitors or rivals; as to win the prize in a gate; to win money; to win a battle or to win a country.; a.: To allure to kindness; to bring to compliance; to gain or obtain as by solicitation or courtship.; a.: To gain over to one's side or party; to obtain the favor friendship or support of; to render friendly or approving; as to win an enemy; to win a jury.; a.: To come to by toil or effort; to reach; to overtake.; a.: To extract as ore or coal.; v. i.: To gain the victory; to be successful; to triumph; to prevail.
Found on page(s): [39]

sheep - sheep, Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: Any one of several species of ruminants of the genus Ovis native of the higher mountains of both hemispheres but most numerous in Asia.; n. sing. & pl.: A weak bashful silly fellow.; n. sing. & pl.: Fig.: The people of God as being under the government and protection of Christ the great Shepherd.
Found on page(s): [35]

rest - rest, Definition(s): v. t.: To arrest.; n.: A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.; n.: Hence freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.; n.: Sleep; slumber; hence poetically death.; n.: That on which anything rests or leans for support; as a rest in a lathe for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.; n.: A projection from the right side of the cuirass serving to support the lance.; n.: A place where one may rest either temporarily as in an inn or permanently as in an abode.; n.: A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.; n.: The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.; n.: A set or game at tennis.; n.: Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are whole half quarteretc.; n.: To cease from action or motion especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.; n.: To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.; n.: To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as to rest on a couch.; n.: To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as a column rests on its pedestal.; n.: To sleep; to slumber; hence poetically to be dead.; n.: To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as to rest on a man's promise.; n.: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.; v. t.: To lay or place at rest; to quiet.; v. t.: To place as on a support; to cause to lean.; n.: That which is left or which remains after the separation of a part either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.; n.: Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.; n.: A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends etc.; in the Bank of England the balance of assets above liabilities.; v. i.: To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Found on page(s): [3, 7, 15, 17, 19, 20, 24, 27, 29, 36, 38, 54]

epicycle - epicycle, Definition(s): n.: A circle whose center moves round in the circumference of a greater circle; or a small circle whose center being fixed in the deferent of a planet is carried along with the deferent and yet by its own peculiar motion carries the body of the planet fastened to it round its proper center.; n.: A circle which rolls on the circumference of another circle either externally or internally.
Found on page(s): [28]

godhead - godhead, Definition(s): n.: Godship; deity; divinity; divine nature or essence; godhood.; n.: The Deity; God; the Supreme Being.; n.: A god or goddess; a divinity.
Found on page(s): [47]

move - move, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry convey draw or push from one place to another; to impel; to stir; as the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a carriage.; v. t.: To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another according to the rules of the game; as to move a king.; v. t.: To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation persuasion or appeal; to influence.; v. t.: To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially to excite to tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite as an emotion.; v. t.: To propose; to recommend; specifically to propose formally for consideration and determination in a deliberative assembly; to submit as a resolution to be adopted; as to move to adjourn.; v. t.: To apply to as for aid.; v. i.: To change place or posture; to stir; to go in any manner from one place or position to another; as a ship moves rapidly.; v. i.: To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as to move in a matter.; v. i.: To change residence; to remove as from one house town or state to another.; v. i.: To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game.; n.: The act of moving; a movement.; n.: The act of moving one of the pieces from one position to another in the progress of the game.; n.: An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.
Found on page(s): [22, 27, 31, 39, 42, 53]

fondness - fondness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being fond; foolishness.; n.: Doting affection; tender liking; strong appetite propensity or relish; as he had a fondness for truffles.
Found on page(s): [4]

gale - gale, Definition(s): n.: A strong current of air; a wind between a stiff breeze and a hurricane. The most violent gales are called tempests.; n.: A moderate current of air; a breeze.; n.: A state of excitement passion or hilarity.; v. i.: To sale or sail fast.; n.: A song or story.; v. i.: To sing.; n.: A plant of the genus Myrica growing in wet places and strongly resembling the bayberry. The sweet gale (Myrica Gale) is found both in Europe and in America.; n.: The payment of a rent or annuity.
Found on page(s): [5]

saw - saw, Definition(s): : imp. of See.; v. t.: Something said; speech; discourse.; v. t.: A saying; a proverb; a maxim.; v. t.: Dictate; command; decree.; n.: An instrument for cutting or dividing substances as wood iron etc. consisting of a thin blade or plate of steel with a series of sharp teeth on the edge which remove successive portions of the material by cutting and tearing.; v. t.: To cut with a saw; to separate with a saw; as to saw timber or marble.; v. t.: To form by cutting with a saw; as to saw boards or planks that is to saw logs or timber into boards or planks; to saw shingles; to saw out a panel.; v. t.: Also used figuratively; as to saw the air.; v. i.: To use a saw; to practice sawing; as a man saws well.; v. i.: To cut as a saw; as the saw or mill saws fast.; v. i.: To be cut with a saw; as the timber saws smoothly.
Found on page(s): [2, 3, 5, 9, 11, 21, 24, 28, 37, 39, 47]

earnestly - earnestly, Definition(s): adv.: In an earnest manner.
Found on page(s): [13]

gall - gall, Definition(s): n.: The bitter alkaline viscid fluid found in the gall bladder beneath the liver. It consists of the secretion of the liver or bile mixed with that of the mucous membrane of the gall bladder.; n.: The gall bladder.; n.: Anything extremely bitter; bitterness; rancor.; n.: Impudence; brazen assurance.; n.: An excrescence of any form produced on any part of a plant by insects or their larvae. They are most commonly caused by small Hymenoptera and Diptera which puncture the bark and lay their eggs in the wounds. The larvae live within the galls. Some galls are due to aphids mites etc. See Gallnut.; v. t.: To impregnate with a decoction of gallnuts.; v. t.: To fret and wear away by friction; to hurt or break the skin of by rubbing; to chafe; to injure the surface of by attrition; as a saddle galls the back of a horse; to gall a mast or a cable.; v. t.: To fret; to vex; as to be galled by sarcasm.; v. t.: To injure; to harass; to annoy; as the troops were galled by the shot of the enemy.; v. i.: To scoff; to jeer.; n.: A wound in the skin made by rubbing.
Found on page(s): [13]

shine - shine, Definition(s): v. i.: To emit rays of light; to give light; to beam with steady radiance; to exhibit brightness or splendor; as the sun shines by day; the moon shines by night.; v. i.: To be bright by reflection of light; to gleam; to be glossy; as to shine like polished silver.; v. i.: To be effulgent in splendor or beauty.; v. i.: To be eminent conspicuous or distinguished; to exhibit brilliant intellectual powers; as to shine in courts; to shine in conversation.; v. t.: To cause to shine as a light.; v. t.: To make bright; to cause to shine by reflected light; as in hunting to shine the eyes of a deer at night by throwing a light on them.; n.: The quality or state of shining; brightness; luster gloss; polish; sheen.; n.: Sunshine; fair weather.; n.: A liking for a person; a fancy.; n.: Caper; antic; row.; v. i.: Shining; sheen.
Found on page(s): [1, 7, 29, 33, 51]

differ - differ, Definition(s): v. i.: To be or stand apart; to disagree; to be unlike; to be distinguished; -- with from.; v. i.: To be of unlike or opposite opinion; to disagree in sentiment; -- often with from or with.; v. i.: To have a difference cause of variance or quarrel; to dispute; to contend.; v. t.: To cause to be different or unlike; to set at variance.
Found on page(s): [31, 48]

spread - spread, Definition(s): v. t.: To extend in length and breadth or in breadth only; to stretch or expand to a broad or broader surface or extent; to open; to unfurl; as to spread a carpet; to spread a tent or a sail.; v. t.: To extend so as to cover something; to extend to a great or grater extent in every direction; to cause to fill or cover a wide or wider space.; v. t.: To divulge; to publish as news or fame; to cause to be more extensively known; to disseminate; to make known fully; as to spread a report; -- often acompanied by abroad.; v. t.: To propagate; to cause to affect great numbers; as to spread a disease.; v. t.: To diffuse as emanations or effluvia; to emit; as odoriferous plants spread their fragrance.; v. t.: To strew; to scatter over a surface; as to spread manure; to spread lime on the ground.; v. t.: To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions; as to spread a table.; v. i.: To extend in length and breadth in all directions or in breadth only; to be extended or stretched; to expand.; v. i.: To be extended by drawing or beating; as some metals spread with difficulty.; v. i.: To be made known more extensively as news.; v. i.: To be propagated from one to another; as the disease spread into all parts of the city.; n.: Extent; compass.; n.: Expansion of parts.; n.: A cloth used as a cover for a table or a bed.; n.: A table as spread or furnished with a meal; hence an entertainment of food; a feast.; n.: A privilege which one person buys of another of demanding certain shares of stock at a certain price or of delivering the same shares of stock at another price within a time agreed upon.; n.: An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points.; : imp. & p. p. of Spread v.
Found on page(s): [42]

surpass - surpass, Definition(s): v. t.: To go beyond in anything good or bad; to exceed; to excel.
Found on page(s): [47]

aloof - aloof, Definition(s): n.: Same as Alewife.; adv.: At or from a distance but within view or at a small distance; apart; away.; adv.: Without sympathy; unfavorably.; prep.: Away from; clear from.
Found on page(s): [54]

unfold - unfold, Definition(s): v. t.: To open the folds of; to expand; to spread out; as to unfold a tablecloth.; v. t.: To open as anything covered or close; to lay open to view or contemplation; to bring out in all the details or by successive development; to display; to disclose; to reveal; to elucidate; to explain; as to unfold one's designs; to unfold the principles of a science.; v. t.: To release from a fold or pen; as to unfold sheep.; v. i.: To open; to expand; to become disclosed or developed.
Found on page(s): [17, 25, 27, 44]

smote - smote, Definition(s): : of Smite.; : imp. (/ rare p. p.) of Smite.
Found on page(s): [21, 45]

translucent - translucent, Definition(s): a.: Transmitting rays of light without permitting objects to be distinctly seen; partially transparent.; a.: Transparent; clear.
Found on page(s): [5, 9]

plough - plough, Definition(s): n. & v.: See Plow.; n.: A well-known implement drawn by horses mules oxen or other power for turning up the soil to prepare it for bearing crops; also used to furrow or break up the soil for other purposes; as the subsoil plow; the draining plow.; n.: Fig.: Agriculture; husbandry.; n.: A carucate of land; a plowland.; n.: A joiner's plane for making grooves; a grooving plane.; n.: An implement for trimming or shaving off the edges of books.; n.: Same as Charles's Wain.; v. t.: To turn up break up or trench with a plow; to till with or as with a plow; as to plow the ground; to plow a field.; v. t.: To furrow; to make furrows grooves or ridges in; to run through as in sailing.; v. t.: To trim or shave off the edges of as a book or paper with a plow. See Plow n. 5.; n.: To cut a groove in as in a plank or the edge of a board; especially a rectangular groove to receive the end of a shelf or tread the edge of a panel a tongue etc.; v. i.: To labor with or as with a plow; to till or turn up the soil with a plow; to prepare the soil or bed for anything.
Found on page(s): [5]

greeting - greeting, Definition(s): n.: Expression of kindness or joy; salutation at meeting; a compliment from one absent.
Found on page(s): [19]

bring - bring, Definition(s): v. t.: To convey to the place where the speaker is or is to be; to bear from a more distant to a nearer place; to fetch.; v. t.: To cause the accession or obtaining of; to procure; to make to come; to produce; to draw to.; v. t.: To convey; to move; to carry or conduct.; v. t.: To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide.
Found on page(s): [6]

reflected - reflected, Definition(s): a.: Thrown back after striking a surface; as reflected light heat sound etc.; a.: Hence: Not one's own; received from another; as his glory was reflected glory.; a.: Bent backward or outward; reflexed.
Found on page(s): [2, 7, 9, 33, 50]

brine - brine, Definition(s): n.: Water saturated or strongly impregnated with salt; pickle; hence any strong saline solution; also the saline residue or strong mother liquor resulting from the evaporation of natural or artificial waters.; n.: The ocean; the water of an ocean sea or salt lake.; n.: Tears; -- so called from their saltness.; v. t.: To steep or saturate in brine.; v. t.: To sprinkle with salt or brine; as to brine hay.
Found on page(s): [5, 50]

perpetual - perpetual, Definition(s): a.: Neverceasing; continuing forever or for an unlimited time; unfailing; everlasting; continuous.
Found on page(s): [5]

losing - losing, Definition(s): a.: Given to flattery or deceit; flattering; cozening.; v. t.: Causing or incurring loss; as a losing game or business.
Found on page(s): [5]

fond - fond, Definition(s): : imp. of Find. Found.; superl.: Foolish; silly; simple; weak.; superl.: Foolishly tender and loving; weakly indulgent; over-affectionate.; superl.: Affectionate; loving; tender; -- in a good sense; as a fond mother or wife.; superl.: Loving; much pleased; affectionately regardful indulgent or desirous; longing or yearning; -- followed by of (formerly also by on).; superl.: Doted on; regarded with affection.; superl.: Trifling; valued by folly; trivial.; v. t.: To caress; to fondle.; v. i.: To be fond; to dote.
Found on page(s): [18, 23, 28, 39]

fit - fit, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Fight.; n.: In Old English a song; a strain; a canto or portion of a ballad; a passus.; superl.: Adapted to an end object or design; suitable by nature or by art; suited by character qualitties circumstances education etc.; qualified; competent; worthy.; superl.: Prepared; ready.; superl.: Conformed to a standart of duty properiety or taste; convenient; meet; becoming; proper.; v. t.: To make fit or suitable; to adapt to the purpose intended; to qualify; to put into a condition of readiness or preparation.; v. t.: To bring to a required form and size; to shape aright; to adapt to a model; to adjust; -- said especially of the work of a carpenter machinist tailor etc.; v. t.: To supply with something that is suitable or fit or that is shaped and adjusted to the use required.; v. t.: To be suitable to; to answer the requirements of; to be correctly shaped and adjusted to; as if the coat fits you put it on.; v. i.: To be proper or becoming.; v. i.: To be adjusted to a particular shape or size; to suit; to be adapted; as his coat fits very well.; n.: The quality of being fit; adjustment; adaptedness; as of dress to the person of the wearer.; n.: The coincidence of parts that come in contact.; n.: The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly.; n.: A stroke or blow.; n.: A sudden and violent attack of a disorder; a stroke of disease as of epilepsy or apoplexy which produces convulsions or unconsciousness; a convulsion; a paroxysm; hence a period of exacerbation of a disease; in general an attack of disease; as a fit of sickness.; n.: A mood of any kind which masters or possesses one for a time; a temporary absorbing affection; a paroxysm; as a fit melancholy of passion or of laughter.; n.: A passing humor; a caprice; a sudden and unusual effort activity or motion followed by relaxation or insction; an impulse and irregular action.; n.: A darting point; a sudden emission.
Found on page(s): [1, 42]

bar - bar, Definition(s): n.: A piece of wood metal or other material long in proportion to its breadth or thickness used as a lever and for various other purposes but especially for a hindrance obstruction or fastening; as the bars of a fence or gate; the bar of a door.; n.: An indefinite quantity of some substance so shaped as to be long in proportion to its breadth and thickness; as a bar of gold or of lead; a bar of soap.; n.: Anything which obstructs hinders or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier.; n.: A bank of sand gravel or other matter esp. at the mouth of a river or harbor obstructing navigation.; n.: Any railing that divides a room or office or hall of assembly in order to reserve a space for those having special privileges; as the bar of the House of Commons.; n.: The railing that incloses the place which counsel occupy in courts of justice. Hence the phrase at the bar of the court signifies in open court.; n.: The place in court where prisoners are stationed for arraignment trial or sentence.; n.: The whole body of lawyers licensed in a court or district; the legal profession.; n.: A special plea constituting a sufficient answer to plaintiff's action.; n.: Any tribunal; as the bar of public opinion; the bar of God.; n.: A barrier or counter over which liquors and food are passed to customers; hence the portion of the room behind the counter where liquors for sale are kept.; n.: An ordinary like a fess but narrower occupying only one fifth part of the field.; n.: A broad shaft or band or stripe; as a bar of light; a bar of color.; n.: A vertical line across the staff. Bars divide the staff into spaces which represent measures and are themselves called measures.; n.: The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse in which the bit is placed.; n.: The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side and extends into the center of the sole.; n.: A drilling or tamping rod.; n.: A vein or dike crossing a lode.; n.: A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town.; n.: A slender strip of wood which divides and supports the glass of a window; a sash bar.; n.: To fasten with a bar; as to bar a door or gate.; n.: To restrict or confine as if by a bar; to hinder; to obstruct; to prevent; to prohibit; as to bar the entrance of evil; distance bars our intercourse; the statute bars my right; the right is barred by time; a release bars the plaintiff's recovery; -- sometimes with up.; n.: To except; to exclude by exception.; n.: To cross with one or more stripes or lines.
Found on page(s): [33]

partake - partake, Definition(s): v. i.: To take a part portion lot or share in common with others; to have a share or part; to participate; to share; as to partake of a feast with others.; v. i.: To have something of the properties character or office; -- usually followed by of.; v. t.: To partake of; to have a part or share in; to share.; v. t.: To admit to a share; to cause to participate; to give a part to.; v. t.: To distribute; to communicate.
Found on page(s): [25]

fix - fix, Definition(s): a.: Fixed; solidified.; v. t.: To make firm stable or fast; to set or place permanently; to fasten immovably; to establish; to implant; to secure; to make definite.; v. t.: To hold steadily; to direct unwaveringly; to fasten as the eye on an object the attention on a speaker.; v. t.: To transfix; to pierce.; v. t.: To render (an impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensible to the action of light.; v. t.: To put in order; to arrange; to dispose of; to adjust; to set to rights; to set or place in the manner desired or most suitable; hence to repair; as to fix the clothes; to fix the furniture of a room.; v. t.: To line the hearth of (a puddling furnace) with fettling.; v. i.: To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest.; v. i.: To become firm so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable as a metallic substance.; n.: A position of difficulty or embarassment; predicament; dilemma.; n.: fettling.
Found on page(s): [26]

warfare - warfare, Definition(s): n.: Military service; military life; contest carried on by enemies; hostilities; war.; n.: Contest; struggle.; v. i.: To lead a military life; to carry on continual wars.
Found on page(s): [19, 21, 44]

complex - complex, Definition(s): n.: Composed of two or more parts; composite; not simple; as a complex being; a complex idea.; n.: Involving many parts; complicated; intricate.; n.: Assemblage of related things; collection; complication.
Found on page(s): [27]

pitiless - pitiless, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of pity; hard-hearted; merciless; as a pitilessmaster; pitiless elements.; a.: Exciting no pity; as a pitiless condition.
Found on page(s): [15]

assumption - assumption, Definition(s): n.: The act of assuming or taking to or upon one's self; the act of taking up or adopting.; n.: The act of taking for granted or supposing a thing without proof; supposition; unwarrantable claim.; n.: The thing supposed; a postulate or proposition assumed; a supposition.; n.: The minor or second proposition in a categorical syllogism.; n.: The taking of a person up into heaven.; n.: A festival in honor of the ascent of the Virgin Mary into heaven.
Found on page(s): [25]

croton - croton, Definition(s): n.: A genus of euphorbiaceous plants belonging to tropical countries.
Found on page(s): [29]

rank - rank, Definition(s): superl.: Luxuriant in growth; of vigorous growth; exuberant; grown to immoderate height; as rank grass; rank weeds.; superl.: Raised to a high degree; violent; extreme; gross; utter; as rank heresy.; superl.: Causing vigorous growth; producing luxuriantly; very rich and fertile; as rank land.; superl.: Strong-scented; rancid; musty; as oil of a rank smell; rank-smelling rue.; superl.: Strong to the taste.; superl.: Inflamed with venereal appetite.; adv.: Rankly; stoutly; violently.; n. & v.: A row or line; a range; an order; a tier; as a rank of osiers.; n. & v.: A line of soldiers ranged side by side; -- opposed to file. See 1st File 1 (a).; n. & v.: Grade of official standing as in the army navy or nobility; as the rank of general; the rank of admiral.; n. & v.: An aggregate of individuals classed together; a permanent social class; an order; a division; as ranks and orders of men; the highest and the lowest ranks of men or of other intelligent beings.; n. & v.: Degree of dignity eminence or excellence; position in civil or social life; station; degree; grade; as a writer of the first rank; a lawyer of high rank.; n. & v.: Elevated grade or standing; high degree; high social position; distinction; eminence; as a man of rank.; v. t.: To place abreast or in a line.; v. t.: To range in a particular class order or division; to class; also to dispose methodically; to place in suitable classes or order; to classify.; v. t.: To take rank of; to outrank.; v. i.: To be ranged; to be set or disposed as in a particular degree class order or division.; v. i.: To have a certain grade or degree of elevation in the orders of civil or military life; to have a certain degree of esteem or consideration; as he ranks with the first class of poets; he ranks high in public estimation.
Found on page(s): [35]

sheepfold - sheepfold, Definition(s): n.: A fold or pen for sheep; a place where sheep are collected or confined.
Found on page(s): [43]

addition - addition, Definition(s): n.: The act of adding two or more things together; -- opposed to subtraction or diminution.; n.: Anything added; increase; augmentation; as a piazza is an addition to a building.; n.: That part of arithmetic which treats of adding numbers.; n.: A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half.; n.: A title annexed to a man's name to identify him more precisely; as John Doe Esq.; Richard Roe Gent.; Robert Dale Mason; Thomas Way of New York; a mark of distinction; a title.; n.: Something added to a coat of arms as a mark of honor; -- opposed to abatement.
Found on page(s): [10, 21]

grow - grow, Definition(s): v. i.: To increase in size by a natural and organic process; to increase in bulk by the gradual assimilation of new matter into the living organism; -- said of animals and vegetables and their organs.; v. i.: To increase in any way; to become larger and stronger; to be augmented; to advance; to extend; to wax; to accrue.; v. i.: To spring up and come to matturity in a natural way; to be produced by vegetation; to thrive; to flourish; as rice grows in warm countries.; v. i.: To pass from one state to another; to result as an effect from a cause; to become; as to grow pale.; v. i.: To become attached of fixed; to adhere.; v. t.: To cause to grow; to cultivate; to produce; as to grow a crop; to grow wheat hops or tobacco.
Found on page(s): [31]

vein - vein, Definition(s): n.: One of the vessels which carry blood either venous or arterial to the heart. See Artery 2.; n.: One of the similar branches of the framework of a leaf.; n.: One of the ribs or nervures of the wings of insects. See Venation.; n.: A narrow mass of rock intersecting other rocks and filling inclined or vertical fissures not corresponding with the stratification; a lode; a dike; -- often limited in the language of miners to a mineral vein or lode that is to a vein which contains useful minerals or ores.; n.: A fissure cleft or cavity as in the earth or other substance.; n.: A streak or wave of different color appearing in wood and in marble and other stones; variegation.; n.: A train of association thoughts emotions or the like; a current; a course.; n.: Peculiar temper or temperament; tendency or turn of mind; a particular disposition or cast of genius; humor; strain; quality; also manner of speech or action; as a rich vein of humor; a satirical vein.; v. t.: To form or mark with veins; to fill or cover with veins.
Found on page(s): [45]

veil - veil, Definition(s): n.: Something hung up or spread out to intercept the view and hide an object; a cover; a curtain; esp. a screen usually of gauze crape or similar diaphnous material to hide or protect the face.; n.: A cover; disguise; a mask; a pretense.; n.: The calyptra of mosses.; n.: A membrane connecting the margin of the pileus of a mushroom with the stalk; -- called also velum.; n.: A covering for a person or thing; as a nun's veil; a paten veil; an altar veil.; n.: Same as Velum 3.; n.: To throw a veil over; to cover with a veil.; n.: Fig.: To invest; to cover; to hide; to conceal.
Found on page(s): [11, 12, 15, 23]

league - league, Definition(s): n.: A measure of length or distance varying in different countries from about 2.4 to 4.6 English statute miles of 5.280 feet each and used (as a land measure) chiefly on the continent of Europe and in the Spanish parts of America. The marine league of England and the United States is equal to three marine or geographical miles of 6080 feet each.; n.: A stone erected near a public road to mark the distance of a league.; n.: An alliance or combination of two or more nations parties or persons for the accomplishment of a purpose which requires a continued course of action as for mutual defense or for furtherance of commercial religious or political interests etc.; v. i.: To unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support; to confederate.; v. t.: To join in a league; to cause to combine for a joint purpose; to combine; to unite; as common interests will league heterogeneous elements.
Found on page(s): [21]

former - former, Definition(s): n.: One who forms; a maker; a creator.; n.: A shape around which an article is to be shaped molded woven wrapped pasted or otherwise constructed.; n.: A templet pattern or gauge by which an article is shaped.; n.: A cutting die.; a.: Preceding in order of time; antecedent; previous; prior; earlier; hence ancient; long past.; a.: Near the beginning; preceeding; as the former part of a discourse or argument.; a.: Earlier as between two things mentioned together; first mentioned.
Found on page(s): [7, 10]

embalm - embalm, Definition(s): v. t.: To anoint all over with balm; especially to preserve from decay by means of balm or other aromatic oils or spices; to fill or impregnate (a dead body) with aromatics and drugs that it may resist putrefaction.; v. t.: To fill or imbue with sweet odor; to perfume.; v. t.: To preserve from decay or oblivion as if with balm; to perpetuate in remembrance.
Found on page(s): [21]

fold - fold, Definition(s): v. t.: To lap or lay in plaits or folds; to lay one part over another part of; to double; as to fold cloth; to fold a letter.; v. t.: To double or lay together as the arms or the hands; as he folds his arms in despair.; v. t.: To inclose within folds or plaitings; to envelop; to infold; to clasp; to embrace.; v. t.: To cover or wrap up; to conceal.; v. i.: To become folded plaited or doubled; to close over another of the same kind; to double together; as the leaves of the door fold.; v.: A doublingesp. of any flexible substance; a part laid over on another part; a plait; a plication.; v.: Times or repetitions; -- used with numerals chiefly in composition to denote multiplication or increase in a geometrical ratio the doubling tripling etc. of anything; as fourfold four times increased in a quadruple ratio multiplied by four.; v.: That which is folded together or which infolds or envelops; embrace.; n.: An inclosure for sheep; a sheep pen.; n.: A flock of sheep; figuratively the Church or a church; as Christ's fold.; n.: A boundary; a limit.; v. t.: To confine in a fold as sheep.; v. i.: To confine sheep in a fold.
Found on page(s): [23]

yonder - yonder, Definition(s): adv.: At a distance but within view.; a.: Being at a distance within view or conceived of as within view; that or those there; yon.
Found on page(s): [52]

boiling - boiling, Definition(s): a.: Heated to the point of bubbling; heaving with bubbles; in tumultuous agitation as boiling liquid; surging; seething; swelling with heat ardor or passion.; n.: The act of ebullition or of tumultuous agitation.; n.: Exposure to the action of a hot liquid.
Found on page(s): [2]

turning - turning, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which turns; also a winding; a bending course; a fiexure; a meander.; n.: The place of a turn; an angle or corner as of a road.; n.: Deviation from the way or proper course.; n.: Turnery or the shaping of solid substances into various by means of a lathe and cutting tools.; n.: The pieces or chips detached in the process of turning from the material turned.; n.: A maneuver by which an enemy or a position is turned.
Found on page(s): [5, 35, 44]

peace - peace, Definition(s): v.: Exemption from or cessation of war with public enemies.; v.: Public quiet order and contentment in obedience to law.; v.: Exemption from or subjection of agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience.; v.: Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord.; v. t. & i.: To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
Found on page(s): [8, 22, 41]

plant - plant, Definition(s): n.: A vegetable; an organized living being generally without feeling and voluntary motion and having when complete a root stem and leaves though consisting sometimes only of a single leafy expansion or a series of cellules or even a single cellule.; n.: A bush or young tree; a sapling; hence a stick or staff.; n.: The sole of the foot.; n.: The whole machinery and apparatus employed in carrying on a trade or mechanical business; also sometimes including real estate and whatever represents investment of capital in the means of carrying on a business but not including material worked upon or finished products; as the plant of a foundry a mill or a railroad.; n.: A plan; an artifice; a swindle; a trick.; n.: An oyster which has been bedded in distinction from one of natural growth.; n.: A young oyster suitable for transplanting.; n.: To put in the ground and cover as seed for growth; as to plant maize.; n.: To set in the ground for growth as a young tree or a vegetable with roots.; n.: To furnish or fit out with plants; as to plant a garden an orchard or a forest.; n.: To engender; to generate; to set the germ of.; n.: To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish; as to plant a colony.; n.: To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of; as to plant Christianity among the heathen.; n.: To set firmly; to fix; to set and direct or point; as to plant cannon against a fort; to plant a standard in any place; to plant one's feet on solid ground; to plant one's fist in another's face.; n.: To set up; to install; to instate.; v. i.: To perform the act of planting.
Found on page(s): [27, 35]

brother - brother, Definition(s): n.: A male person who has the same father and mother with another person or who has one of them only. In the latter case he is more definitely called a half brother or brother of the half blood.; n.: One related or closely united to another by some common tie or interest as of rank profession membership in a society toil suffering etc.; -- used among judges clergymen monks physicians lawyers professors of religion etc.; n.: One who or that which resembles another in distinctive qualities or traits of character.; v. t.: To make a brother of; to call or treat as a brother; to admit to a brotherhood.
Found on page(s): [10, 15, 25, 27, 38]

victorious - victorious, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to victory or a victor' being a victor; bringing or causing a victory; conquering; winning; triumphant; as a victorious general; victorious troops; a victorious day.
Found on page(s): [22]

frank - frank, Definition(s): n.: A pigsty.; v. t.: To shut up in a frank or sty; to pen up; hence to cram; to fatten.; n.: The common heron; -- so called from its note.; n.: Unbounded by restrictions limitations etc.; free.; n.: Free in uttering one's real sentiments; not reserved; using no disguise; candid; ingenuous; as a frank nature conversation manner etc.; n.: Liberal; generous; profuse.; n.: Unrestrained; loose; licentious; -- used in a bad sense.; v. t.: To send by public conveyance free of expense.; v. t.: To extempt from charge for postage as a letter package or packet etc.; a.: The privilege of sending letters or other mail matter free of postage or without charge; also the sign mark or signature denoting that a letter or other mail matter is to free of postage.; a.: A member of one of the German tribes that in the fifth century overran and conquered Gaul and established the kingdom of France.; a.: A native or inhabitant of Western Europe; a European; -- a term used in the Levant.; a.: A French coin. See Franc.
Found on page(s): [56]

strong - strong, Definition(s): superl.: Having active physical power or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous.; superl.: Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as a strong constitution; strong health.; superl.: Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken; as a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town.; superl.: Having great military or naval force; powerful; as a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea.; superl.: Having great wealth means or resources; as a strong house or company of merchants.; superl.: Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers; as an army ten thousand strong.; superl.: Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous; as a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide.; superl.: Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; powerful; forcible; cogent; as a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language.; superl.: Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged; as a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory.; superl.: Having virtues of great efficacy; or having a particular quality in a great degree; as a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee.; superl.: Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating; as strong liquors.; superl.: Affecting any sense powerfully; as strong light colors etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent.; superl.: Solid; nourishing; as strong meat.; superl.: Well established; firm; not easily overthrown or altered; as a strong custom; a strong belief.; superl.: Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent.; superl.: Having great force vigor power or the like as the mind intellect or any faculty; as a man of a strong mind memory judgment or imagination.; superl.: Vigorous; effective; forcible; powerful.; superl.: Tending to higher prices; rising; as a strong market.; superl.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive strove striven; break broke broken; drink drank drunk. Opposed to weak or regular. See Weak.; superl.: Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon etc. which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform or are irregular.
Found on page(s): [4, 9]

deal - deal, Definition(s): n.: A part or portion; a share; hence an indefinite quantity degree or extent degree or extent; as a deal of time and trouble; a deal of cold.; n.: The process of dealing cards to the players; also the portion disturbed.; n.: Distribution; apportionment.; n.: An arrangement to attain a desired result by a combination of interested parties; -- applied to stock speculations and political bargains.; n.: The division of a piece of timber made by sawing; a board or plank; particularly a board or plank of fir or pine above seven inches in width and exceeding six feet in length. If narrower than this it is called a batten; if shorter a deal end.; n.: Wood of the pine or fir; as a floor of deal.; n.: To divide; to separate in portions; hence to give in portions; to distribute; to bestow successively; -- sometimes with out.; n.: Specifically: To distribute as cards to the players at the commencement of a game; as to deal the cards; to deal one a jack.; v. i.: To make distribution; to share out in portions as cards to the players.; v. i.: To do a distributing or retailing business as distinguished from that of a manufacturer or producer; to traffic; to trade; to do business; as he deals in flour.; v. i.: To act as an intermediary in business or any affairs; to manage; to make arrangements; -- followed by between or with.; v. i.: To conduct one's self; to behave or act in any affair or towards any one; to treat.; v. i.: To contend (with); to treat (with) by way of opposition check or correction; as he has turbulent passions to deal with.
Found on page(s): [41]

prove - prove, Definition(s): v. t.: To try or to ascertain by an experiment or by a test or standard; to test; as to prove the strength of gunpowder or of ordnance; to prove the contents of a vessel by a standard measure.; v. t.: To evince establish or ascertain as truth reality or fact by argument testimony or other evidence.; v. t.: To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify; as to prove a will.; v. t.: To gain experience of the good or evil of; to know by trial; to experience; to suffer.; v. t.: To test evince ascertain or verify as the correctness of any operation or result; thus in subtraction if the difference between two numbers added to the lesser number makes a sum equal to the greater the correctness of the subtraction is proved.; v. t.: To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of; as to prove a page.; v. i.: To make trial; to essay.; v. i.: To be found by experience trial or result; to turn out to be; as a medicine proves salutary; the report proves false.; v. i.: To succeed; to turn out as expected.
Found on page(s): [7, 32]

rapt - rapt, Definition(s): : of Rap.; : imp. & p. p. of Rap to snatch away.; a.: Snatched away; hurried away or along.; a.: Transported with love admiration delight etc.; enraptured.; a.: Wholly absorbed or engrossed as in work or meditation.; a.: An ecstasy; a trance.; a.: Rapidity.; v. t.: To transport or ravish.; v. t.: To carry away by force.
Found on page(s): [5]

admire - admire, Definition(s): v. t.: To regard with wonder or astonishment; to view with surprise; to marvel at.; v. t.: To regard with wonder and delight; to look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure as something which calls out approbation esteem love or reverence; to estimate or prize highly; as to admire a person of high moral worth to admire a landscape.; v. i.: To wonder; to marvel; to be affected with surprise; -- sometimes with at.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 23]

dead - dead, Definition(s): a.: Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as a dead tree; a dead man.; a.: Destitute of life; inanimate; as dead matter.; a.: Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike; as a dead sleep.; a.: Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless; as dead calm; a dead load or weight.; a.: So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless; as a dead floor.; a.: Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable; as dead capital; dead stock in trade.; a.: Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless; as dead eye; dead fire; dead color etc.; a.: Monotonous or unvaried; as a dead level or pain; a dead wall.; a.: Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete; as a dead shot; a dead certainty.; a.: Bringing death; deadly.; a.: Wanting in religious spirit and vitality; as dead faith; dead works.; a.: Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect.; a.: Not brilliant; not rich; thus brown is a dead color as compared with crimson.; a.: Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property; as one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead.; a.: Not imparting motion or power; as the dead spindle of a lathe etc. See Spindle.; adv.: To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly.; n.: The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose inertness or gloom; as the dead of winter.; n.: One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively.; v. t.: To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life force or vigor.; v. i.: To die; to lose life or force.
Found on page(s): [52]

sea - sea, Definition(s): n.: One of the larger bodies of salt water less than an ocean found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank generally forming part of or connecting with an ocean or a larger sea; as the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea.; n.: An inland body of water esp. if large or if salt or brackish; as the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes a small fresh-water lake; as the Sea of Galilee.; n.: The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe.; n.: The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also a single wave; a billow; as there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea.; n.: A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size.; n.: Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness; as a sea of glory.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 22, 38, 42, 50]

inward - inward, Definition(s): a.: Being or placed within; inner; interior; -- opposed to outward.; a.: Seated in the mind heart spirit or soul.; a.: Intimate; domestic; private.; n.: That which is inward or within; especially in the plural the inner parts or organs of the body; the viscera.; n.: The mental faculties; -- usually pl.; n.: An intimate or familiar friend or acquaintance.; a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [12, 17, 34]

sudden - sudden, Definition(s): a.: Happening without previous notice or with very brief notice; coming unexpectedly or without the common preparation; immediate; instant; speedy.; a.: Hastly prepared or employed; quick; rapid.; a.: Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate.; adv.: Suddenly; unexpectedly.; n.: An unexpected occurrence; a surprise.
Found on page(s): [9, 22, 24, 54]

civil - civil, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to a city or state or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow citizens or to the state; within the city or state.; a.: Subject to government; reduced to order; civilized; not barbarous; -- said of the community.; a.: Performing the duties of a citizen; obedient to government; -- said of an individual.; a.: Having the manners of one dwelling in a city as opposed to those of savages or rustics; polite; courteous; complaisant; affable.; a.: Pertaining to civic life and affairs in distinction from military ecclesiastical or official state.; a.: Relating to rights and remedies sought by action or suit distinct from criminal proceedings.
Found on page(s): [40, 46]

whom - whom, Definition(s): pron.: The objective case of who. See Who.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 9, 14, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 28, 29, 31, 33, 39, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 49, 52, 55]

unfruitful - unfruitful, Definition(s): a.: Not producing fruit or offspring; unproductive; infertile; barren; sterile; as an unfruitful tree or animal; unfruitful soil; an unfruitful life or effort.
Found on page(s): [17]

effectual - effectual, Definition(s): n.: Producing or having adequate power or force to produce an intended effect; adequate; efficient; operative; decisive.
Found on page(s): [35]

dear - dear, Definition(s): superl.: Bearing a high price; high-priced; costly; expensive.; superl.: Marked by scarcity or dearth and exorbitance of price; as a dear year.; superl.: Highly valued; greatly beloved; cherished; precious.; superl.: Hence close to the heart; heartfelt; present in mind; engaging the attention.; superl.: Of agreeable things and interests.; superl.: Of disagreeable things and antipathies.; n.: A dear one; lover; sweetheart.; adv.: Dearly; at a high price.; v. t.: To endear.
Found on page(s): [37, 52]

foot - foot, Definition(s): n.: The terminal part of the leg of man or an animal; esp. the part below the ankle or wrist; that part of an animal upon which it rests when standing or moves. See Manus and Pes.; n.: The muscular locomotive organ of a mollusk. It is a median organ arising from the ventral region of body often in the form of a flat disk as in snails. See Illust. of Buccinum.; n.: That which corresponds to the foot of a man or animal; as the foot of a table; the foot of a stocking.; n.: The lowest part or base; the ground part; the bottom as of a mountain or column; also the last of a row or series; the end or extremity esp. if associated with inferiority; as the foot of a hill; the foot of the procession; the foot of a class; the foot of the bed.; n.: Fundamental principle; basis; plan; -- used only in the singular.; n.: Recognized condition; rank; footing; -- used only in the singular.; n.: A measure of length equivalent to twelve inches; one third of a yard. See Yard.; n.: Soldiers who march and fight on foot; the infantry usually designated as the foot in distinction from the cavalry.; n.: A combination of syllables consisting a metrical element of a verse the syllables being formerly distinguished by their quantity or length but in modern poetry by the accent.; n.: The lower edge of a sail.; v. i.: To tread to measure or music; to dance; to trip; to skip.; v. i.: To walk; -- opposed to ride or fly.; v. t.: To kick with the foot; to spurn.; v. t.: To set on foot; to establish; to land.; v. t.: To tread; as to foot the green.; v. t.: To sum up as the numbers in a column; -- sometimes with up; as to foot (or foot up) an account.; v. t.: The size or strike with the talon.; v. t.: To renew the foot of as of stocking.
Found on page(s): [1, 9, 54]

tooth - tooth, Definition(s): n.: One of the hard bony appendages which are borne on the jaws or on other bones in the walls of the mouth or pharynx of most vertebrates and which usually aid in the prehension and mastication of food.; n.: Fig.: Taste; palate.; n.: Any projection corresponding to the tooth of an animal in shape position or office; as the teeth or cogs of a cogwheel; a tooth prong or tine of a fork; a tooth or the teeth of a rake a saw a file a card.; n.: A projecting member resembling a tenon but fitting into a mortise that is only sunk not pierced through.; n.: One of several steps or offsets in a tusk. See Tusk.; n.: one of the appendages at the mouth of the capsule of a moss. See Peristome.; n.: Any hard calcareous or chitinous organ found in the mouth of various invertebrates and used in feeding or procuring food; as the teeth of a mollusk or a starfish.; v. t.: To furnish with teeth.; v. t.: To indent; to jag; as to tooth a saw.; v. t.: To lock into each other. See Tooth n. 4.
Found on page(s): [22]

radiance - radiance, Definition(s): n.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [19, 28, 37, 39, 43, 48]

charge - charge, Definition(s): v. t.: To lay on or impose as a load tax or burden; to load; to fill.; v. t.: To lay on or impose as a task duty or trust; to command instruct or exhort with authority; to enjoin; to urge earnestly; as to charge a jury; to charge the clergy of a diocese; to charge an agent.; v. t.: To lay on impose or make subject to or liable for.; v. t.: To fix or demand as a price; as he charges two dollars a barrel for apples.; v. t.: To place something to the account of as a debt; to debit as to charge one with goods. Also to enter upon the debit side of an account; as to charge a sum to one.; v. t.: To impute or ascribe; to lay to one's charge.; v. t.: To accuse; to make a charge or assertion against (a person or thing); to lay the responsibility (for something said or done) at the door of.; v. t.: To place within or upon any firearm piece of apparatus or machinery the quantity it is intended and fitted to hold or bear; to load; to fill; as to charge a gun; to charge an electrical machine etc.; v. t.: To ornament with or cause to bear; as to charge an architectural member with a molding.; v. t.: To assume as a bearing; as he charges three roses or; to add to or represent on; as he charges his shield with three roses or.; v. t.: To call to account; to challenge.; v. t.: To bear down upon; to rush upon; to attack.; v. i.: To make an onset or rush; as to charge with fixed bayonets.; v. i.: To demand a price; as to charge high for goods.; v. i.: To debit on an account; as to charge for purchases.; v. i.: To squat on its belly and be still; -- a command given by a sportsman to a dog.; v. t.: A load or burder laid upon a person or thing.; v. t.: A person or thing commited or intrusted to the care custody or management of another; a trust.; v. t.: Custody or care of any person thing or place; office; responsibility; oversight; obigation; duty.; v. t.: Heed; care; anxiety; trouble.; v. t.: Harm.; v. t.: An order; a mandate or command; an injunction.; v. t.: An address (esp. an earnest or impressive address) containing instruction or exhortation; as the charge of a judge to a jury; the charge of a bishop to his clergy.; v. t.: An accusation of a wrong of offense; allegation; indictment; specification of something alleged.; v. t.: Whatever constitutes a burden on property as rents taxes lines etc.; costs; expense incurred; -- usually in the plural.; v. t.: The price demanded for a thing or service.; v. t.: An entry or a account of that which is due from one party to another; that which is debited in a business transaction; as a charge in an account book.; v. t.: That quantity as of ammunition electricity ore fuel etc. which any apparatus as a gun battery furnace machine etc.; v. t.: The act of rushing upon or towards an enemy; a sudden onset or attack as of troops esp. cavalry; hence the signal for attack; as to sound the charge.; v. t.: A position (of a weapon) fitted for attack; as to bring a weapon to the charge.; v. t.: A soft of plaster or ointment.; v. t.: A bearing. See Bearing n. 8.; n.: Thirty-six pigs of lead each pig weighing about seventy pounds; -- called also charre.; n.: Weight; import; value.
Found on page(s): [42]

keeping - keeping, Definition(s): n.: A holding; restraint; custody; guard; charge; care; preservation.; n.: Maintenance; support; provision; feed; as the cattle have good keeping.; n.: Conformity; congruity; harmony; consistency; as these subjects are in keeping with each other.; n.: Harmony or correspondence between the different parts of a work of art; as the foreground of this painting is not in keeping.
Found on page(s): [17]

splendent - splendent, Definition(s): a.: Shining; glossy; beaming with light; lustrous; as splendent planets; splendent metals. See the Note under 3d Luster 4.; a.: Very conspicuous; illustrious.
Found on page(s): [32]

alternate - alternate, Definition(s): a.: Being or succeeding by turns; one following the other in succession of time or place; by turns first one and then the other; hence reciprocal.; a.: Designating the members in a series which regularly intervene between the members of another series as the odd or even numbers of the numerals; every other; every second; as the alternate members 1 3 5 7 etc. ; read every alternate line.; a.: Distributed as leaves singly at different heights of the stem and at equal intervals as respects angular divergence.; n.: That which alternates with something else; vicissitude.; n.: A substitute; one designated to take the place of another if necessary in performing some duty.; n.: A proportion derived from another proportion by interchanging the means.; v. t.: To perform by turns or in succession; to cause to succeed by turns; to interchange regularly.; v. i.: To happen succeed or act by turns; to follow reciprocally in place or time; -- followed by with; as the flood and ebb tides alternate with each other.; v. i.: To vary by turns; as the land alternates between rocky hills and sandy plains.
Found on page(s): [50]

breathe - breathe, Definition(s): v. i.: To respire; to inhale and exhale air; hence; to live.; v. i.: To take breath; to rest from action.; v. i.: To pass like breath; noiselessly or gently; to exhale; to emanate; to blow gently.; v. t.: To inhale and exhale in the process of respiration; to respire.; v. t.: To inject by breathing; to infuse; -- with into.; v. t.: To emit or utter by the breath; to utter softly; to whisper; as to breathe a vow.; v. t.: To exhale; to emit as breath; as the flowers breathe odors or perfumes.; v. t.: To express; to manifest; to give forth.; v. t.: To act upon by the breath; to cause to sound by breathing.; v. t.: To promote free respiration in; to exercise.; v. t.: To suffer to take breath or recover the natural breathing; to rest; as to breathe a horse.; v. t.: To put out of breath; to exhaust.; v. t.: To utter without vocality as the nonvocal consonants.
Found on page(s): [1]

mounted - mounted, Definition(s): a.: Seated or serving on horseback or similarly; as mounted police; mounted infantry.; a.: Placed on a suitable support or fixed in a setting; as a mounted gun; a mounted map; a mounted gem.
Found on page(s): [41]

sempiternal - sempiternal, Definition(s): a.: Of neverending duration; everlasting; endless; having beginning but no end.; a.: Without beginning or end; eternal.
Found on page(s): [43]

admiration - admiration, Definition(s): n.: Wonder; astonishment.; n.: Wonder mingled with approbation or delight; an emotion excited by a person or thing possessed of wonderful or high excellence; as admiration of a beautiful woman of a landscape of virtue.; n.: Cause of admiration; something to excite wonder or pleased surprise; a prodigy.
Found on page(s): [3]

plunge - plunge, Definition(s): v. t.: To thrust into water or into any substance that is penetrable; to immerse; to cause to penetrate or enter quickly and forcibly; to thrust; as to plunge the body into water; to plunge a dagger into the breast. Also used figuratively; as to plunge a nation into war.; v. t.: To baptize by immersion.; v. t.: To entangle; to embarrass; to overcome.; v. i.: To thrust or cast one's self into water or other fluid; to submerge one's self; to dive or to rush in; as he plunged into the river. Also used figuratively; as to plunge into debt.; v. i.: To pitch or throw one's self headlong or violently forward as a horse does.; v. i.: To bet heavily and with seeming recklessness on a race or other contest; in an extended sense to risk large sums in hazardous speculations.; n.: The act of thrusting into or submerging; a dive leap rush or pitch into or as into water; as to take the water with a plunge.; n.: Hence a desperate hazard or act; a state of being submerged or overwhelmed with difficulties.; n.: The act of pitching or throwing one's self headlong or violently forward like an unruly horse.; n.: Heavy and reckless betting in horse racing; hazardous speculation.
Found on page(s): [22]

somewhat - somewhat, Definition(s): n.: More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part more or less; something.; n.: A person or thing of importance; a somebody.; adv.: In some degree or measure; a little.
Found on page(s): [6, 27]

earnest - earnest, Definition(s): n.: Seriousness; reality; fixed determination; eagerness; intentness.; a.: Ardent in the pursuit of an object; eager to obtain or do; zealous with sincerity; with hearty endeavor; heartfelt; fervent; hearty; -- used in a good sense; as earnest prayers.; a.: Intent; fixed closely; as earnest attention.; a.: Serious; important.; v. t.: To use in earnest.; n.: Something given or a part paid beforehand as a pledge; pledge; handsel; a token of what is to come.; n.: Something of value given by the buyer to the seller by way of token or pledge to bind the bargain and prove the sale.
Found on page(s): [10]

freely - freely, Definition(s): adv.: In a free manner; without restraint or compulsion; abundantly; gratuitously.
Found on page(s): [12, 13]

font - font, Definition(s): n.: A complete assortment of printing type of one size including a due proportion of all the letters in the alphabet large and small points accents and whatever else is necessary for printing with that variety of types; a fount.; n.: A fountain; a spring; a source.; n.: A basin or stone vessel in which water is contained for baptizing.
Found on page(s): [44]

bed - bed, Definition(s): n.: An article of furniture to sleep or take rest in or on; a couch. Specifically: A sack or mattress filled with some soft material in distinction from the bedstead on which it is placed (as a feather bed) or this with the bedclothes added. In a general sense any thing or place used for sleeping or reclining on or in as a quantity of hay straw leaves or twigs.; n.: (Used as the symbol of matrimony) Marriage.; n.: A plat or level piece of ground in a garden usually a little raised above the adjoining ground.; n.: A mass or heap of anything arranged like a bed; as a bed of ashes or coals.; n.: The bottom of a watercourse or of any body of water; as the bed of a river.; n.: A layer or seam or a horizontal stratum between layers; as a bed of coal iron etc.; n.: See Gun carriage and Mortar bed.; n.: The horizontal surface of a building stone; as the upper and lower beds.; n.: A course of stone or brick in a wall.; n.: The place or material in which a block or brick is laid.; n.: The lower surface of a brick slate or tile.; n.: The foundation or the more solid and fixed part or framing of a machine; or a part on which something is laid or supported; as the bed of an engine.; n.: The superficial earthwork or ballast of a railroad.; n.: The flat part of the press on which the form is laid.; v. t.: To place in a bed.; v. t.: To make partaker of one's bed; to cohabit with.; v. t.: To furnish with a bed or bedding.; v. t.: To plant or arrange in beds; to set or cover as in a bed of soft earth; as to bed the roots of a plant in mold.; v. t.: To lay or put in any hollow place or place of rest and security surrounded or inclosed; to embed; to furnish with or place upon a bed or foundation; as to bed a stone; it was bedded on a rock.; v. t.: To dress or prepare the surface of stone) so as to serve as a bed.; v. t.: To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position.; v. i.: To go to bed; to cohabit.
Found on page(s): [9]

disfranchise - disfranchise, Definition(s): v. t.: To deprive of a franchise or chartered right; to dispossess of the rights of a citizen or of a particular privilege as of voting holding office etc.
Found on page(s): [26]

scard - scard, Definition(s): n.: A shard or fragment.
Found on page(s): [55]

scantly - scantly, Definition(s): adv.: In a scant manner; not fully or sufficiently; narrowly; penuriously.; adv.: Scarcely; hardly; barely.
Found on page(s): [24]

deck - deck, Definition(s): v. t.: To cover; to overspread.; v. t.: To dress as the person; to clothe; especially to clothe with more than ordinary elegance; to array; to adorn; to embellish.; v. t.: To furnish with a deck as a vessel.; v.: The floorlike covering of the horizontal sections or compartments of a ship. Small vessels have only one deck; larger ships have two or three decks.; v.: The upper part or top of a mansard roof or curb roof when made nearly flat.; v.: The roof of a passenger car.; v.: A pack or set of playing cards.; v.: A heap or store.
Found on page(s): [42]

ford - ford, Definition(s): v. i.: A place in a river or other water where it may be passed by man or beast on foot by wading.; v. i.: A stream; a current.; v. t.: To pass or cross as a river or other water by wading; to wade through.
Found on page(s): [8]

recompense - recompense, Definition(s): v. t.: To render an equivalent to for service loss etc.; to requite; to remunerate; to compensate.; v. t.: To return an equivalent for; to give compensation for; to atone for; to pay for.; v. t.: To give in return; to pay back; to pay as something earned or deserved.; v. i.: To give recompense; to make amends or requital.; n.: An equivalent returned for anything done suffered or given; compensation; requital; suitable return.
Found on page(s): [15]

woe - woe, Definition(s): n.: Grief; sorrow; misery; heavy calamity.; n.: A curse; a malediction.; a.: Woeful; sorrowful.
Found on page(s): [15, 21, 35]

observe - observe, Definition(s): v. t.: To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as to observe rules or commands; to observe civility.; v. t.: To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover; as to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army.; v. t.: To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark.; v. i.: To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend.; v. i.: To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Found on page(s): [10]

furnish - furnish, Definition(s): v. t.: To supply with anything necessary useful or appropriate; to provide; to equip; to fit out or fit up; to adorn; as to furnish a family with provisions; to furnish one with arms for defense; to furnish a Cable; to furnish the mind with ideas; to furnish one with knowledge or principles; to furnish an expedition or enterprise a room or a house.; v. t.: To offer for use; to provide (something); to give (something); to afford; as to furnish food to the hungry: to furnish arms for defense.; n.: That which is furnished as a specimen; a sample; a supply.
Found on page(s): [43]

fitly - fitly, Definition(s): adv.: In a fit manner; suitably; properly; conveniently; as a maxim fitly applied.
Found on page(s): [17, 39]

vehement - vehement, Definition(s): a.: Acting with great force; furious; violent; impetuous; forcible; mighty; as vehement wind; a vehement torrent; a vehement fire or heat.; a.: Very ardent; very eager or urgent; very fervent; passionate; as a vehement affection or passion.
Found on page(s): [19, 25]

rare - rare, Definition(s): a.: Early.; superl.: Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as rare beef or mutton.; superl.: Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual; as a rare event.; superl.: Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found.; superl.: Thinly scattered; dispersed.; superl.: Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin; as a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 8, 49]

won - won, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Win.; v. i.: To dwell or abide.; n.: Dwelling; wone.
Found on page(s): [35]

discharge - discharge, Definition(s): v. t.: To relieve of a charge load or burden; to empty of a load or cargo; to unburden; to unload; as to discharge a vessel.; v. t.: To free of the missile with which anything is charged or loaded; to let go the charge of; as to discharge a bow catapult etc.; especially said of firearms -- to fire off; to shoot off; also to relieve from a state of tension as a Leyden jar.; v. t.: To of something weighing upon or impeding over one as a debt claim obligation responsibility accusation etc.; to absolve; to acquit; to clear.; v. t.: To relieve of an office or employment; to send away from service; to dismiss.; v. t.: To release legally from confinement; to set at liberty; as to discharge a prisoner.; v. t.: To put forth or remove as a charge or burden; to take out as that with which anything is loaded or filled; as to discharge a cargo.; v. t.: To let fly as a missile; to shoot.; v. t.: To set aside; to annul; to dismiss.; v. t.: To throw off the obligation of as a duty or debt; to relieve one's self of by fulfilling conditions performing duty trust and the like; hence to perform or execute as an office or part.; v. t.: To send away (a creditor) satisfied by payment; to pay one's debt or obligation to.; v. t.: To give forth; to emit or send out; as a pipe discharges water; to let fly; to give expression to; to utter; as to discharge a horrible oath.; v. t.: To prohibit; to forbid.; v. i.: To throw off or deliver a load charge or burden; to unload; to emit or give vent to fluid or other contents; as the water pipe discharges freely.; v. t.: The act of discharging; the act of relieving of a charge or load; removal of a load or burden; unloading; as the discharge of a ship; discharge of a cargo.; v. t.: Firing off; explosive removal of a charge; explosion; letting off; as a discharge of arrows of artillery.; v. t.: Act of relieving of something which oppresses or weighs upon one as an obligation liability debt accusation etc.; acquittance; as the discharge of a debtor.; v. t.: Act of removing or getting rid of an obligation liability etc.; fulfillment as by the payment of a debt or the performance of a trust or duty.; v. t.: Release or dismissal from an office employment etc.; dismission; as the discharge of a workman by his employer.; v. t.: Legal release from confinement; liberation; as the discharge of a prisoner.; v. t.: The state of being discharged or relieved of a debt obligation office and the like; acquittal.; v. t.: That which discharges or releases from an obligation liability penalty etc. as a price of ransom a legal document.; v. t.: A flowing or issuing out; emission; vent; evacuation; also that which is discharged or emitted; as a rapid discharge of water from the pipe.
Found on page(s): [46]

warning - warning, Definition(s): a.: Giving previous notice; cautioning; admonishing; as a warning voice.; n.: Previous notice.; n.: Caution against danger or against faults or evil practices which incur danger; admonition; monition.
Found on page(s): [20]

needy - needy, Definition(s): superl.: Distressed by want of the means of living; very por; indigent; necessitous.; superl.: Necessary; requiste.
Found on page(s): [45]

metropolitan - metropolitan, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the capital or principal city of a country; as metropolitan luxury.; a.: Of pertaining to or designating a metropolitan or the presiding bishop of a country or province his office or his dignity; as metropolitan authority.; n.: The superior or presiding bishop of a country or province.; n.: An archbishop.; n.: A bishop whose see is civil metropolis. His rank is intermediate between that of an archbishop and a patriarch.
Found on page(s): [46]

zeal - zeal, Definition(s): n.: Passionate ardor in the pursuit of anything; eagerness in favor of a person or cause; ardent and active interest; engagedness; enthusiasm; fervor.; n.: A zealot.; v. i.: To be zealous.
Found on page(s): [21, 29]

profound - profound, Definition(s): a.: Descending far below the surface; opening or reaching to a great depth; deep.; a.: Intellectually deep; entering far into subjects; reaching to the bottom of a matter or of a branch of learning; thorough; as a profound investigation or treatise; a profound scholar; profound wisdom.; a.: Characterized by intensity; deeply felt; pervading; overmastering; far-reaching; strongly impressed; as a profound sleep.; a.: Bending low exhibiting or expressing deep humility; lowly; submissive; as a profound bow.; n.: The deep; the sea; the ocean.; n.: An abyss.; v. t.: To cause to sink deeply; to cause to dive or penetrate far down.; v. i.: To dive deeply; to penetrate.
Found on page(s): [38, 55]

anxiety - anxiety, Definition(s): n.: Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event future or uncertain which disturbs the mind and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness.; n.: Eager desire.; n.: A state of restlessness and agitation often with general indisposition and a distressing sense of oppression at the epigastrium.
Found on page(s): [39]

tuneful - tuneful, Definition(s): a.: Harmonious; melodious; musical; as tuneful notes.
Found on page(s): [43]

lyre - lyre, Definition(s): n.: A stringed instrument of music; a kind of harp much used by the ancients as an accompaniment to poetry.; n.: One of the constellations; Lyra. See Lyra.
Found on page(s): [54]

liveliness - liveliness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being lively or animated; sprightliness; vivacity; animation; spirit; as the liveliness of youth contrasted with the gravity of age.; n.: An appearance of life animation or spirit; as the liveliness of the eye or the countenance in a portrait.; n.: Briskness; activity; effervescence as of liquors.
Found on page(s): [37]

garb - garb, Definition(s): n.: Clothing in general.; n.: The whole dress or suit of clothes worn by any person especially when indicating rank or office; as the garb of a clergyman or a judge.; n.: Costume; fashion; as the garb of a gentleman in the 16th century.; n.: External appearance as expressive of the feelings or character; looks; fashion or manner as of speech.; n.: A sheaf of grain (wheat unless otherwise specified).; v. t.: To clothe; array; deck.
Found on page(s): [51]

carry - carry, Definition(s): v. t.: To convey or transport in any manner from one place to another; to bear; -- often with away or off.; v. t.: To have or hold as a burden while moving from place to place; to have upon or about one's person; to bear; as to carry a wound; to carry an unborn child.; v. t.: To move; to convey by force; to impel; to conduct; to lead or guide.; v. t.: To transfer from one place (as a country book or column) to another; as to carry the war from Greece into Asia; to carry an account to the ledger; to carry a number in adding figures.; v. t.: To convey by extension or continuance; to extend; as to carry the chimney through the roof; to carry a road ten miles farther.; v. t.: To bear or uphold successfully through conflict as a leader or principle; hence to succeed in as in a contest; to bring to a successful issue; to win; as to carry an election.; v. t.: To get possession of by force; to capture.; v. t.: To contain; to comprise; to bear the aspect of ; to show or exhibit; to imply.; v. t.: To bear (one's self); to behave to conduct or demean; -- with the reflexive pronouns.; v. t.: To bear the charges or burden of holding or having as stocks merchandise etc. from one time to another; as a merchant is carrying a large stock; a farm carries a mortgage; a broker carries stock for a customer; to carry a life insurance.; v. i.: To act as a bearer; to convey anything; as to fetch and carry.; v. i.: To have propulsive power; to propel; as a gun or mortar carries well.; v. i.: To hold the head; -- said of a horse; as to carry well i. e. to hold the head high with arching neck.; v. i.: To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running as a hare.; n.: A tract of land over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a carrying place; a portage.
Found on page(s): [42]

witless - witless, Definition(s): a.: Destitute of wit or understanding; wanting thought; hence indiscreet; not under the guidance of judgment.
Found on page(s): [40]

arose - arose, Definition(s): : The past or preterit tense of Arise.
Found on page(s): [41]

necessity - necessity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being necessary unavoidable or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.; n.: The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want.; n.: That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural.; n.: That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion physical or moral; fate; fatality.; n.: The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena whether material or spiritual to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
Found on page(s): [13, 49, 55]

frame - frame, Definition(s): v. t.: To construct by fitting and uniting the several parts of the skeleton of any structure; specifically in woodwork to put together by cutting parts of one member to fit parts of another. See Dovetail Halve v. t. Miter Tenon Tooth Tusk Scarf and Splice.; v. t.: To originate; to plan; to devise; to contrive; to compose; in a bad sense to invent or fabricate as something false.; v. t.: To fit to something else or for some specific end; to adjust; to regulate; to shape; to conform.; v. t.: To cause; to bring about; to produce.; v. t.: To support.; v. t.: To provide with a frame as a picture.; v. i.: To shape; to arrange as the organs of speech.; v. i.: To proceed; to go.; n.: Anything composed of parts fitted and united together; a fabric; a structure; esp. the constructional system whether of timber or metal that gives to a building vessel etc. its model and strength; the skeleton of a structure.; n.: The bodily structure; physical constitution; make or build of a person.; n.: A kind of open case or structure made for admitting inclosing or supporting things as that which incloses or contains a window door picture etc.; n.: The skeleton structure which supports the boiler and machinery of a locomotive upon its wheels.; n.: A molding box or flask which being filled with sand serves as a mold for castings.; n.: The ribs and stretchers of an umbrella or other structure with a fabric covering.; n.: A structure of four bars adjustable in size on which cloth etc. is stretched for quilting embroidery etc.; n.: A glazed portable structure for protecting young plants from frost.; n.: A stand to support the type cases for use by the compositor.; n.: A term applied especially in England to certain machines built upon or within framework; as a stocking frame; lace frame; spinning frame etc.; n.: Form; shape; proportion; scheme; structure; constitution; system; as a frameof government.; n.: Particular state or disposition as of the mind; humor; temper; mood; as to be always in a happy frame.; n.: Contrivance; the act of devising or scheming.
Found on page(s): [6, 53]

deer - deer, Definition(s): n. sing. & pl.: Any animal; especially a wild animal.; n. sing. & pl.: A ruminant of the genus Cervus of many species and of related genera of the family Cervidae. The males and in some species the females have solid antlers often much branched which are shed annually. Their flesh for which they are hunted is called venison.
Found on page(s): [12]

deep - deep, Definition(s): superl.: Extending far below the surface; of great perpendicular dimension (measured from the surface downward and distinguished from high which is measured upward); far to the bottom; having a certain depth; as a deep sea.; superl.: Extending far back from the front or outer part; of great horizontal dimension (measured backward from the front or nearer part mouth etc.); as a deep cave or recess or wound; a gallery ten seats deep; a company of soldiers six files deep.; superl.: Low in situation; lying far below the general surface; as a deep valley.; superl.: Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; -- opposed to shallow or superficial; intricate; mysterious; not obvious; obscure; as a deep subject or plot.; superl.: Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning.; superl.: Profound; thorough; complete; unmixed; intense; heavy; heartfelt; as deep distress; deep melancholy; deep horror.; superl.: Strongly colored; dark; intense; not light or thin; as deep blue or crimson.; superl.: Of low tone; full-toned; not high or sharp; grave; heavy.; superl.: Muddy; boggy; sandy; -- said of roads.; adv.: To a great depth; with depth; far down; profoundly; deeply.; n.: That which is deep especially deep water as the sea or ocean; an abyss; a great depth.; n.: That which is profound not easily fathomed or incomprehensible; a moral or spiritual depth or abyss.
Found on page(s): [3, 5, 8, 9, 12, 21, 33, 39, 42]

checkers - checkers, Definition(s): v.: A game called also daughts played on a checkerboard by two persons each having twelve men (counters or checkers) which are moved diagonally. The game is ended when either of the players has lost all his men or can not move them.
Found on page(s): [53]

deem - deem, Definition(s): v.: To decide; to judge; to sentence; to condemn.; v.: To account; to esteem; to think; to judge; to hold in opinion; to regard.; v. i.: To be of opinion; to think; to estimate; to opine; to suppose.; v. i.: To pass judgment.; n.: Opinion; judgment.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 18, 24, 50, 55]

loveliness - loveliness, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being lovely.
Found on page(s): [10, 28]

capable - capable, Definition(s): a.: Possessing ability qualification or susceptibility; having capacity; of sufficient size or strength; as a room capable of holding a large number; a castle capable of resisting a long assault.; a.: Possessing adequate power; qualified; able; fully competent; as a capable instructor; a capable judge; a mind capable of nice investigations.; a.: Possessing legal power or capacity; as a man capable of making a contract or a will.; a.: Capacious; large; comprehensive.
Found on page(s): [12, 27]

caesar - caesar, Definition(s): n.: A Roman emperor as being the successor of Augustus Caesar. Hence a kaiser or emperor of Germany or any emperor or powerful ruler. See Kaiser Kesar.
Found on page(s): [2, 20, 22]

twilight - twilight, Definition(s): n.: The light perceived before the rising and after the setting of the sun or when the sun is less than 18 below the horizon occasioned by the illumination of the earth's atmosphere by the direct rays of the sun and their reflection on the earth.; n.: faint light; a dubious or uncertain medium through which anything is viewed.; a.: Seen or done by twilight.; a.: Imperfectly illuminated; shaded; obscure.
Found on page(s): [52]

deed - deed, Definition(s): a.: Dead.; v. t.: That which is done or effected by a responsible agent; an act; an action; a thing done; -- a word of extensive application including whatever is done good or bad great or small.; v. t.: Illustrious act; achievement; exploit.; v. t.: Power of action; agency; efficiency.; v. t.: Fact; reality; -- whence we have indeed.; v. t.: A sealed instrument in writing on paper or parchment duly executed and delivered containing some transfer bargain or contract.; v. t.: Performance; -- followed by of.; v. t.: To convey or transfer by deed; as he deeded all his estate to his eldest son.
Found on page(s): [17, 23, 26]

burden - burden, Definition(s): n.: That which is borne or carried; a load.; n.: That which is borne with labor or difficulty; that which is grievous wearisome or oppressive.; n.: The capacity of a vessel or the weight of cargo that she will carry; as a ship of a hundred tons burden.; n.: The tops or heads of stream-work which lie over the stream of tin.; n.: The proportion of ore and flux to fuel in the charge of a blast furnace.; n.: A fixed quantity of certain commodities; as a burden of gad steel 120 pounds.; n.: A birth.; v. t.: To encumber with weight (literal or figurative); to lay a heavy load upon; to load.; v. t.: To oppress with anything grievous or trying; to overload; as to burden a nation with taxes.; v. t.: To impose as a load or burden; to lay or place as a burden (something heavy or objectionable).; n.: The verse repeated in a song or the return of the theme at the end of each stanza; the chorus; refrain. Hence: That which is often repeated or which is dwelt upon; the main topic; as the burden of a prayer.; n.: The drone of a bagpipe.; n.: A club.
Found on page(s): [18, 49]

random - random, Definition(s): n.: Force; violence.; n.: A roving motion; course without definite direction; want of direction rule or method; hazard; chance; -- commonly used in the phrase at random that is without a settled point of direction; at hazard.; n.: Distance to which a missile is cast; range; reach; as the random of a rifle ball.; n.: The direction of a rake-vein.; a.: Going at random or by chance; done or made at hazard or without settled direction aim or purpose; hazarded without previous calculation; left to chance; haphazard; as a random guess.
Found on page(s): [18]

perhaps - perhaps, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Found on page(s): [51, 54]

intently - intently, Definition(s): adv.: In an intent manner; as the eyes intently fixed.
Found on page(s): [26]

skill - skill, Definition(s): n.: Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.; n.: Knowledge; understanding.; n.: The familiar knowledge of any art or science united with readiness and dexterity in execution or performance or in the application of the art or science to practical purposes; power to discern and execute; ability to perceive and perform; expertness; aptitude; as the skill of a mathematician physician surgeon mechanic etc.; n.: Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address.; n.: Any particular art.; v. t.: To know; to understand.; v. i.: To be knowing; to have understanding; to be dexterous in performance.; v. i.: To make a difference; to signify; to matter; -- used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [35, 48, 50]

sin - sin, Definition(s): adv. prep. & conj.: Old form of Since.; n.: Transgression of the law of God; disobedience of the divine command; any violation of God's will either in purpose or conduct; moral deficiency in the character; iniquity; as sins of omission and sins of commission.; n.: An offense in general; a violation of propriety; a misdemeanor; as a sin against good manners.; n.: A sin offering; a sacrifice for sin.; n.: An embodiment of sin; a very wicked person.; n.: To depart voluntarily from the path of duty prescribed by God to man; to violate the divine law in any particular by actual transgression or by the neglect or nonobservance of its injunctions; to violate any known rule of duty; -- often followed by against.; n.: To violate human rights law or propriety; to commit an offense; to trespass; to transgress.
Found on page(s): [22, 26]

contrary - contrary, Definition(s): a.: Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as contrary winds.; a.: Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.; a.: Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as a contrary disposition; a contrary child.; a.: Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as contrary propositions.; n.: A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.; n.: An opponent; an enemy.; n.: the opposite; a proposition fact or condition incompatible with another; as slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse n. 1.; n.: See Contraries.
Found on page(s): [7, 13]

sir - sir, Definition(s): n.: A man of social authority and dignity; a lord; a master; a gentleman; -- in this sense usually spelled sire.; n.: A title prefixed to the Christian name of a knight or a baronet.; n.: An English rendering of the LAtin Dominus the academical title of a bachelor of arts; -- formerly colloquially and sometimes contemptuously applied to the clergy.; n.: A respectful title used in addressing a man without being prefixed to his name; -- used especially in speaking to elders or superiors; sometimes also used in the way of emphatic formality.
Found on page(s): [50]

sit - sit, Definition(s): : obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Sit for sitteth.; v. t.: To rest upon the haunches or the lower extremity of the trunk of the body; -- said of human beings and sometimes of other animals; as to sit on a sofa on a chair or on the ground.; v. t.: To perch; to rest with the feet drawn up as birds do on a branch pole etc.; v. t.: To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition.; v. t.: To lie rest or bear; to press or weigh; -- with on; as a weight or burden sits lightly upon him.; v. t.: To be adjusted; to fit; as a coat sts well or ill.; v. t.: To suit one well or ill as an act; to become; to befit; -- used impersonally.; v. t.: To cover and warm eggs for hatching as a fowl; to brood; to incubate.; v. t.: To have position as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction.; v. t.: To occupy a place or seat as a member of an official body; as to sit in Congress.; v. t.: To hold a session; to be in session for official business; -- said of legislative assemblies courts etc.; as the court sits in January; the aldermen sit to-night.; v. t.: To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of one's self made as a picture or a bust; as to sit to a painter.; v. t.: To sit upon; to keep one's seat upon; as he sits a horse well.; v. t.: To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to; -- used reflexively.; v. t.: To suit (well / ill); to become.
Found on page(s): [28]

conversion - conversion, Definition(s): n.: The act of turning or changing from one state or condition to another or the state of being changed; transmutation; change.; n.: The act of changing one's views or course as in passing from one side party or from of religion to another; also the state of being so changed.; n.: An appropriation of and dealing with the property of another as if it were one's own without right; as the conversion of a horse.; n.: The act of interchanging the terms of a proposition as by putting the subject in the place of the predicate or the contrary.; n.: A change or reduction of the form or value of a proposition; as the conversion of equations; the conversion of proportions.; n.: A change of front as a body of troops attacked in the flank.; n.: A change of character or use as of smoothbore guns into rifles.; n.: A spiritual and moral change attending a change of belief with conviction; a change of heart; a change from the service of the world to the service of God; a change of the ruling disposition of the soul involving a transformation of the outward life.
Found on page(s): [42]

six - six, Definition(s): a.: One more than five; twice three; as six yards.; n.: The number greater by a unit than five; the sum of three and three; six units or objects.; n.: A symbol representing six units as 6 vi. or VI.
Found on page(s): [18, 34]

thence - thence, Definition(s): adv.: From that place.; adv.: From that time; thenceforth; thereafter.; adv.: For that reason; therefore.; adv.: Not there; elsewhere; absent.
Found on page(s): [1, 2, 7, 8, 14, 16, 19, 22, 24, 25, 30, 36, 37, 45, 48, 50, 52]

bound - bound, Definition(s): n.: The external or limiting line either real or imaginary of any object or space; that which limits or restrains or within which something is limited or restrained; limit; confine; extent; boundary.; v. t.: To limit; to terminate; to fix the furthest point of extension of; -- said of natural or of moral objects; to lie along or form a boundary of; to inclose; to circumscribe; to restrain; to confine.; v. t.: To name the boundaries of; as to bound France.; v. i.: To move with a sudden spring or leap or with a succession of springs or leaps; as the beast bounded from his den; the herd bounded across the plain.; v. i.: To rebound as an elastic ball.; v. t.: To make to bound or leap; as to bound a horse.; v. t.: To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound; as to bound a ball on the floor.; n.: A leap; an elastic spring; a jump.; n.: Rebound; as the bound of a ball.; n.: Spring from one foot to the other.; : imp. & p. p. of Bind.; p. p. & a.: Restrained by a hand rope chain fetters or the like.; p. p. & a.: Inclosed in a binding or cover; as a bound volume.; p. p. & a.: Under legal or moral restraint or obligation.; p. p. & a.: Constrained or compelled; destined; certain; -- followed by the infinitive; as he is bound to succeed; he is bound to fail.; p. p. & a.: Resolved; as I am bound to do it.; p. p. & a.: Constipated; costive.; v.: Ready or intending to go; on the way toward; going; -- with to or for or with an adverb of motion; as a ship is bound to Cadiz or for Cadiz.
Found on page(s): [13, 16, 19, 37, 51]

false - false, Definition(s): superl.: Uttering falsehood; unveracious; given to deceit; dishnest; as a false witness.; superl.: Not faithful or loyal as to obligations allegiance vows etc.; untrue; treacherous; perfidious; as a false friend lover or subject; false to promises.; superl.: Not according with truth or reality; not true; fitted or likely to deceive or disappoint; as a false statement.; superl.: Not genuine or real; assumed or designed to deceive; counterfeit; hypocritical; as false tears; false modesty; false colors; false jewelry.; superl.: Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous; as a false claim; a false conclusion; a false construction in grammar.; superl.: Not essential or permanent as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental.; superl.: Not in tune.; adv.: Not truly; not honestly; falsely.; a.: To report falsely; to falsify.; a.: To betray; to falsify.; a.: To mislead by want of truth; to deceive.; a.: To feign; to pretend to make.
Found on page(s): [3, 9, 20, 49]

kept - kept, Definition(s): imp. & p. p.: of Keep.
Found on page(s): [17]

wreath - wreath, Definition(s): n.: Something twisted intertwined or curled; as a wreath of smoke; a wreath of flowers.; n.: A garland; a chaplet esp. one given to a victor.; n.: An appendage to the shield placed above it and supporting the crest (see Illust. of Crest). It generally represents a twist of two cords of silk one tinctured like the principal metal the other like the principal color in the arms.
Found on page(s): [2, 38]

rash - rash, Definition(s): v. t.: To pull off or pluck violently.; v. t.: To slash; to hack; to cut; to slice.; n.: A fine eruption or efflorescence on the body with little or no elevation.; n.: An inferior kind of silk or mixture of silk and worsted.; superl.: Sudden in action; quick; hasty.; superl.: Requiring sudden action; pressing; urgent.; superl.: Esp. overhasty in counsel or action; precipitate; resolving or entering on a project or measure without due deliberation and caution; opposed to prudent; said of persons; as a rash statesman or commander.; superl.: Uttered or undertaken with too much haste or too little reflection; as rash words; rash measures.; superl.: So dry as to fall out of the ear with handling as corn.; v. t.: To prepare with haste.
Found on page(s): [18]

justly - justly, Definition(s): a.: In a just manner; in conformity to law justice or propriety; by right; honestly; fairly; accurately.
Found on page(s): [25, 37]

descry - descry, Definition(s): v. t.: To spy out or discover by the eye as objects distant or obscure; to espy; to recognize; to discern; to discover.; v. t.: To discover; to disclose; to reveal.; n.: Discovery or view as of an army seen at a distance.
Found on page(s): [33]

dally - dally, Definition(s): v. i.: To waste time in effeminate or voluptuous pleasures or in idleness; to fool away time; to delay unnecessarily; to tarry; to trifle.; v. i.: To interchange caresses especially with one of the opposite sex; to use fondling; to wanton; to sport.; v. t.: To delay unnecessarily; to while away.
Found on page(s): [18]

everduring - everduring, Definition(s): a.: Everlasting.
Found on page(s): [6]

realm - realm, Definition(s): n.: A royal jurisdiction or domain; a region which is under the dominion of a king; a kingdom.; n.: Hence in general province; region; country; domain; department; division; as the realm of fancy.
Found on page(s): [1, 5, 12, 19, 29, 30, 37]

gate - gate, Definition(s): n.: A large door or passageway in the wall of a city of an inclosed field or place or of a grand edifice etc.; also the movable structure of timber metal etc. by which the passage can be closed.; n.: An opening for passage in any inclosing wall fence or barrier; or the suspended framework which closes or opens a passage. Also figuratively a means or way of entrance or of exit.; n.: A door valve or other device for stopping the passage of water through a dam lock pipe etc.; n.: The places which command the entrances or access; hence place of vantage; power; might.; n.: In a lock tumbler the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into.; n.: The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mold; the ingate.; n.: The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece.; v. t.: To supply with a gate.; v. t.: To punish by requiring to be within the gates at an earlier hour than usual.; n.: A way; a path; a road; a street (as in Highgate).; n.: Manner; gait.
Found on page(s): [41, 55]

bid - bid, Definition(s): : of Bid.; : of Bid.; v. t.: To make an offer of; to propose. Specifically : To offer to pay ( a certain price as for a thing put up at auction) or to take (a certain price as for work to be done under a contract).; v. t.: To offer in words; to declare as a wish a greeting a threat or defiance etc.; as to bid one welcome; to bid good morning farewell etc.; v. t.: To proclaim; to declare publicly; to make known.; v. t.: To order; to direct; to enjoin; to command.; v. t.: To invite; to call in; to request to come.; : imp. & p. p. of Bid.; n.: An offer of a price especially at auctions; a statement of a sum which one will give for something to be received or will take for something to be done or furnished; that which is offered.; v. t.: To pray.; v. t.: To make a bid; to state what one will pay or take.
Found on page(s): [43]

fresh - fresh, Definition(s): superl: Possessed of original life and vigor; new and strong; unimpaired; sound.; superl: New; original; additional.; superl: Lately produced gathered or prepared for market; not stale; not dried or preserved; not wilted faded or tainted; in good condition; as fresh vegetables flowers eggs meat fruit etc.; recently made or obtained; occurring again; repeated; as a fresh supply of goods; fresh tea raisins etc.; lately come or made public; as fresh news; recently taken from a well or spring; as fresh water.; superl: Youthful; florid; as these fresh nymphs.; superl: In a raw green or untried state; uncultivated; uncultured; unpracticed; as a fresh hand on a ship.; superl: Renewed in vigor alacrity or readiness for action; as fresh for a combat; hence tending to renew in vigor; rather strong; cool or brisk; as a fresh wind.; superl: Not salt; as fresh water in distinction from that which is from the sea or brackish; fresh meat in distinction from that which is pickled or salted.; n.: A stream or spring of fresh water.; n.: A flood; a freshet.; n.: The mingling of fresh water with salt in rivers or bays as by means of a flood of fresh water flowing toward or into the sea.; v. t.: To refresh; to freshen.
Found on page(s): [44]

prompt - prompt, Definition(s): n.: A limit of time given for payment of an account for produce purchased this limit varying with different goods. See Prompt-note.; v. t.: To assist or induce the action of; to move to action; to instigate; to incite.; v. t.: To suggest; to dictate.; v. t.: To remind as an actor or an orator of words or topics forgotten.
Found on page(s): [10, 12, 18, 21]

feather - feather, Definition(s): n.: One of the peculiar dermal appendages of several kinds belonging to birds as contour feathers quills and down.; n.: Kind; nature; species; -- from the proverbial phrase Birds of a feather that is of the same species.; n.: The fringe of long hair on the legs of the setter and some other dogs.; n.: A tuft of peculiar long frizzly hair on a horse.; n.: One of the fins or wings on the shaft of an arrow.; n.: A longitudinal strip projecting as a fin from an object to strengthen it or to enter a channel in another object and thereby prevent displacement sidwise but permit motion lengthwise; a spline.; n.: A thin wedge driven between the two semicylindrical parts of a divided plug in a hole bored in a stone to rend the stone.; n.: The angular adjustment of an oar or paddle-wheel float with reference to a horizontal axis as it leaves or enters the water.; v. t.: To furnish with a feather or feathers as an arrow or a cap.; v. t.: To adorn as with feathers; to fringe.; v. t.: To render light as a feather; to give wings to.; v. t.: To enrich; to exalt; to benefit.; v. t.: To tread as a cock.; v. i.: To grow or form feathers; to become feathered; -- often with out; as the birds are feathering out.; v. i.: To turn to a horizontal plane; -- said of oars.; v. i.: To have the appearance of a feather or of feathers; to be or to appear in feathery form.
Found on page(s): [18]

amazement - amazement, Definition(s): n.: The condition of being amazed; bewilderment [Obs.]; overwhelming wonder as from surprise sudden fear horror or admiration.; n.: Frenzy; madness.
Found on page(s): [55]

beheld - beheld, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Behold.
Found on page(s): [2, 7, 19, 44, 52]

crowd - crowd, Definition(s): v. t.: To push to press to shove.; v. t.: To press or drive together; to mass together.; v. t.: To fill by pressing or thronging together; hence to encumber by excess of numbers or quantity.; v. t.: To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun; hence to treat discourteously or unreasonably.; v. i.: To press together or collect in numbers; to swarm; to throng.; v. i.: To urge or press forward; to force one's self; as a man crowds into a room.; v. t.: A number of things collected or closely pressed together; also a number of things adjacent to each other.; v. t.: A number of persons congregated or collected into a close body without order; a throng.; v. t.: The lower orders of people; the populace; the vulgar; the rabble; the mob.; n.: An ancient instrument of music with six strings; a kind of violin being the oldest known stringed instrument played with a bow.; v. t.: To play on a crowd; to fiddle.
Found on page(s): [33, 50]

sick - sick, Definition(s): superl.: Affected with disease of any kind; ill; indisposed; not in health. See the Synonym under Illness.; superl.: Affected with or attended by nausea; inclined to vomit; as sick at the stomach; a sick headache.; superl.: Having a strong dislike; disgusted; surfeited; -- with of; as to be sick of flattery.; superl.: Corrupted; imperfect; impaired; weakned.; n.: Sickness.; v. i.: To fall sick; to sicken.
Found on page(s): [24]

divine - divine, Definition(s): a.: Of or belonging to God; as divine perfections; the divine will.; a.: Proceeding from God; as divine judgments.; a.: Appropriated to God or celebrating his praise; religious; pious; holy; as divine service; divine songs; divine worship.; a.: Pertaining to or proceeding from a deity; partaking of the nature of a god or the gods.; a.: Godlike; heavenly; excellent in the highest degree; supremely admirable; apparently above what is human. In this application the word admits of comparison; as the divinest mind. Sir J. Davies.; a.: Presageful; foreboding; prescient.; a.: Relating to divinity or theology.; a.: One skilled in divinity; a theologian.; a.: A minister of the gospel; a priest; a clergyman.; v. t.: To foresee or foreknow; to detect; to anticipate; to conjecture.; v. t.: To foretell; to predict; to presage.; v. t.: To render divine; to deify.; v. i.: To use or practice divination; to foretell by divination; to utter prognostications.; v. i.: To have or feel a presage or foreboding.; v. i.: To conjecture or guess; as to divine rightly.
Found on page(s): [1, 8, 10, 11, 55]

corner - corner, Definition(s): n.: The point where two converging lines meet; an angle either external or internal.; n.: The space in the angle between converging lines or walls which meet in a point; as the chimney corner.; n.: An edge or extremity; the part farthest from the center; hence any quarter or part.; n.: A secret or secluded place; a remote or out of the way place; a nook.; n.: Direction; quarter.; n.: The state of things produced by a combination of persons who buy up the whole or the available part of any stock or species of property which compels those who need such stock or property to buy of them at their own price; as a corner in a railway stock.; v. t.: To drive into a corner.; v. t.: To drive into a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment; as to corner a person in argument.; v. t.: To get command of (a stock commodity etc.) so as to be able to put one's own price on it; as to corner the shares of a railroad stock; to corner petroleum.
Found on page(s): [49]

vessel - vessel, Definition(s): n.: A hollow or concave utensil for holding anything; a hollow receptacle of any kind as a hogshead a barrel a firkin a bottle a kettle a cup a bowl etc.; n.: A general name for any hollow structure made to float upon the water for purposes of navigation; especially one that is larger than a common rowboat; as a war vessel; a passenger vessel.; n.: Fig.: A person regarded as receiving or containing something; esp. (Script.) one into whom something is conceived as poured or in whom something is stored for use; as vessels of wrath or mercy.; n.: Any tube or canal in which the blood or other fluids are contained secreted or circulated as the arteries veins lymphatics etc.; n.: A continuous tube formed from superposed large cylindrical or prismatic cells (tracheae) which have lost their intervening partitions and are usually marked with dots pits rings or spirals by internal deposition of secondary membranes; a duct.; v. t.: To put into a vessel.
Found on page(s): [1, 5]

contemplate - contemplate, Definition(s): v. t.: To look at on all sides or in all its bearings; to view or consider with continued attention; to regard with deliberate care; to meditate on; to study.; v. t.: To consider or have in view as contingent or probable; to look forward to; to purpose; to intend.; v. i.: To consider or think studiously; to ponder; to reflect; to muse; to meditate.
Found on page(s): [11, 25]

beside - beside, Definition(s): n.: At the side of; on one side of.; n.: Aside from; out of the regular course or order of; in a state of deviation from; out of.; n.: Over and above; distinct from; in addition to.; adv.: On one side.; adv.: More than that; over and above; not included in the number or in what has been mentioned; moreover; in addition.
Found on page(s): [7, 35, 50]

sequel - sequel, Definition(s): n.: That which follows; a succeeding part; continuation; as the sequel of a man's advantures or history.; n.: Consequence; event; effect; result; as let the sun cease fail or swerve and the sequel would be ruin.; n.: Conclusion; inference.
Found on page(s): [19]

crown - crown, Definition(s): : of Crow.; : p. p. of Crow.; n.: A wreath or garland or any ornamental fillet encircling the head especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence anything given on account of or obtained by faithful or successful effort; a reward.; n.: A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty worn by emperors kings princes etc.; n.: The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article.; n.: Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty.; n.: Anything which imparts beauty splendor honor dignity or finish.; n.: Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection.; n.: The topmost part of anything; the summit.; n.: The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also the head or brain.; n.: The part of a hat above the brim.; n.: The part of a tooth which projects above the gum; also the top or grinding surface of a tooth.; n.: The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve but in a pointed arch to the apex only.; n.: Same as Corona.; n.: That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank.; n.: The rounding or rounded part of the deck from a level line.; n.: The bights formed by the several turns of a cable.; n.: The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.; n.: The dome of a furnace.; n.: The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters.; n.: A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.; n.: A size of writing paper. See under Paper.; n.: A coin stamped with the image of a crown; hencea denomination of money; as the English crown a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown a money of account etc. worth nearly twenty-seven cents.; n.: An ornaments or decoration representing a crown; as the paper is stamped with a crown.; n.: To cover decorate or invest with a crown; hence to invest with royal dignity and power.; n.: To bestow something upon as a mark of honor dignity or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.; n.: To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.; n.: To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges as the face of a machine pulley.; n.: To effect a lodgment upon as upon the crest of the glacis or the summit of the breach.
Found on page(s): [1, 29, 37, 42]

sky - sky, Definition(s): n.: A cloud.; n.: Hence a shadow.; n.: The apparent arch or vault of heaven which in a clear day is of a blue color; the heavens; the firmament; -- sometimes in the plural.; n.: The wheather; the climate.; v. t.: To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall where it can not be well seen.; v. t.: To throw towards the sky; as to sky a ball at cricket.
Found on page(s): [2, 47]

sentence - sentence, Definition(s): n.: Sense; meaning; significance.; n.: An opinion; a decision; a determination; a judgment especially one of an unfavorable nature.; n.: A philosophical or theological opinion; a dogma; as Summary of the Sentences; Book of the Sentences.; n.: In civil and admiralty law the judgment of a court pronounced in a cause; in criminal and ecclesiastical courts a judgment passed on a criminal by a court or judge; condemnation pronounced by a judgical tribunal; doom. In common law the term is exclusively used to denote the judgment in criminal cases.; n.: A short saying usually containing moral instruction; a maxim; an axiom; a saw.; n.: A combination of words which is complete as expressing a thought and in writing is marked at the close by a period or full point. See Proposition 4.; v. t.: To pass or pronounce judgment upon; to doom; to condemn to punishment; to prescribe the punishment of.; v. t.: To decree or announce as a sentence.; v. t.: To utter sententiously.
Found on page(s): [25]

inquire - inquire, Definition(s): v. i.: To ask a question; to seek for truth or information by putting queries.; v. i.: To seek to learn anything by recourse to the proper means of knoledge; to make examination.; v. t.: To ask about; to seek to know by asking; to make examination or inquiry respecting.; v. t.: To call or name.
Found on page(s): [35]

unbroken - unbroken, Definition(s): a.: Not broken; continuous; unsubdued; as an unbroken colt.
Found on page(s): [6]

io - io, Definition(s): n.: An exclamation of joy or triumph; -- often interjectional.
Found on page(s): [47]

vain - vain, Definition(s): superl.: Having no real substance value or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.; superl.: Destitute of forge or efficacy; effecting no purpose; fruitless; ineffectual; as vain toil; a vain attempt.; superl.: Proud of petty things or of trifling attainments; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason; conceited; puffed up; inflated.; superl.: Showy; ostentatious.; n.: Vanity; emptiness; -- now used only in the phrase in vain.
Found on page(s): [18, 20, 39, 46]

frail - frail, Definition(s): n.: A basket made of rushes used chiefly for containing figs and raisins.; n.: The quantity of raisins -- about thirty-two fifty-six or seventy-five pounds -- contained in a frail.; n.: A rush for weaving baskets.; superl: Easily broken; fragile; not firm or durable; liable to fail and perish; easily destroyed; not tenacious of life; weak; infirm.; superl: Tender.; superl: Liable to fall from virtue or be led into sin; not strong against temptation; weak in resolution; also unchaste; -- often applied to fallen women.
Found on page(s): [51]

foresight - foresight, Definition(s): n.: The act or the power of foreseeing; prescience; foreknowledge.; n.: Action in reference to the future; provident care; prudence; wise forethought.; n.: Any sight or reading of the leveling staff except the backsight; any sight or bearing taken by a compass or theodolite in a forward direction.; n.: Muzzle sight. See Fore sight under Fore a.
Found on page(s): [30]

harmonious - harmonious, Definition(s): a.: Adapted to each other; having parts proportioned to each other; symmetrical.; a.: Acting together to a common end; agreeing in action or feeling; living in peace and friendship; as an harmonious family.; a.: Vocally or musically concordant; agreeably consonant; symphonious.
Found on page(s): [54]

smit - smit, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Smite.; : 3d. pers. sing. pres. of Smite.; : of Smite.; : of Smite.
Found on page(s): [5]

chalice - chalice, Definition(s): n.: A cup or bowl; especially the cup used in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper.
Found on page(s): [50]

decree - decree, Definition(s): n.: An order from one having authority deciding what is to be done by a subordinate; also a determination by one having power deciding what is to be done or to take place; edict law; authoritative ru// decision.; n.: A decision order or sentence given in a cause by a court of equity or admiralty.; n.: A determination or judgment of an umpire on a case submitted to him.; n.: An edict or law made by a council for regulating any business within their jurisdiction; as the decrees of ecclesiastical councils.; v. t.: To determine judicially by authority or by decree; to constitute by edict; to appoint by decree or law; to determine; to order; to ordain; as a court decrees a restoration of property.; v. t.: To ordain by fate.; v. i.: To make decrees; -- used absolutely.
Found on page(s): [25]

lively - lively, Definition(s): superl.: Endowed with or manifesting life; living.; superl.: Brisk; vivacious; active; as a lively youth.; superl.: Gay; airy; animated; spirited.; superl.: Representing life; lifelike.; superl.: Bright; vivid; glowing; strong; vigorous.; adv.: In a brisk active or animated manner; briskly; vigorously.; adv.: With strong resemblance of life.
Found on page(s): [8, 15, 29, 44, 47, 48, 52]

forasmuch - forasmuch, Definition(s): conj.: In consideration that; seeing that; since; because that; -- followed by as. See under For prep.
Found on page(s): [17]

gave - gave, Definition(s): : imp. of Give.
Found on page(s): [14, 17, 20, 27, 28, 29, 38, 41, 42, 45]

gladder - gladder, Definition(s): n.: One who makes glad.
Found on page(s): [51]

doctrine - doctrine, Definition(s): n.: Teaching; instruction.; n.: That which is taught; what is held put forth as true and supported by a teacher a school or a sect; a principle or position or the body of principles in any branch of knowledge; any tenet or dogma; a principle of faith; as the doctrine of atoms; the doctrine of chances.
Found on page(s): [45]

begin - begin, Definition(s): v. i.: To have or commence an independent or first existence; to take rise; to commence.; v. i.: To do the first act or the first part of an action; to enter upon or commence something new as a new form or state of being or course of action; to take the first step; to start.; v. t.: To enter on; to commence.; v. t.: To trace or lay the foundation of; to make or place a beginning of.; n.: Beginning.
Found on page(s): [36, 40]

helpmate - helpmate, Definition(s): n.: A helper; a companion; specifically a wife.
Found on page(s): [45]

semblance - semblance, Definition(s): a.: Seeming; appearance; show; figure; form.; a.: Likeness; resemblance actual or apparent; similitude; as the semblance of worth; semblance of virtue.
Found on page(s): [52]

proportion - proportion, Definition(s): n.: The relation or adaptation of one portion to another or to the whole as respect magnitude quantity or degree; comparative relation; ratio; as the proportion of the parts of a building or of the body.; n.: Harmonic relation between parts or between different things of the same kind; symmetrical arrangement or adjustment; symmetry; as to be out of proportion.; n.: The portion one receives when a whole is distributed by a rule or principle; equal or proper share; lot.; n.: A part considered comparatively; a share.; n.: The equality or similarity of ratios especially of geometrical ratios; or a relation among quantities such that the quotient of the first divided by the second is equal to that of the third divided by the fourth; -- called also geometrical proportion in distinction from arithmetical proportion or that in which the difference of the first and second is equal to the difference of the third and fourth.; n.: The rule of three in arithmetic in which the three given terms together with the one sought are proportional.; v.: To adjust in a suitable proportion as one thing or one part to another; as to proportion the size of a building to its height; to proportion our expenditures to our income.; v.: To form with symmetry or suitableness as the parts of the body.; v.: To divide into equal or just shares; to apportion.
Found on page(s): [23]

pursuit - pursuit, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of following or going after; esp. a following with haste either for sport or in hostility; chase; prosecution; as the pursuit of game; the pursuit of an enemy.; v. t.: A following with a view to reach accomplish or obtain; endeavor to attain to or gain; as the pursuit of knowledge; the pursuit of happiness or pleasure.; v. t.: Course of business or occupation; continued employment with a view to same end; as mercantile pursuits; a literary pursuit.; v. t.: Prosecution.
Found on page(s): [41]

prophet - prophet, Definition(s): n.: One who prophesies or foretells events; a predicter; a foreteller.; n.: One inspired or instructed by God to speak in his name or announce future events as Moses Elijah etc.; n.: An interpreter; a spokesman.; n.: A mantis.
Found on page(s): [46]

sparkling - sparkling, Definition(s): a.: Emitting sparks; glittering; flashing; brilliant; lively; as sparkling wine; sparkling eyes.
Found on page(s): [19]

whirl - whirl, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn round rapidly; to cause to rotate with velocity; to make to revolve.; v. t.: To remove or carry quickly with or as with a revolving motion; to snatch; to harry.; v. i.: To be turned round rapidly; to move round with velocity; to revolve or rotate with great speed; to gyrate.; v. i.: To move hastily or swiftly.; v. t.: A turning with rapidity or velocity; rapid rotation or circumvolution; quick gyration; rapid or confusing motion; as the whirl of a top; the whirl of a wheel.; v. t.: Anything that moves with a whirling motion.; v. t.: A revolving hook used in twisting as the hooked spindle of a rope machine to which the threads to be twisted are attached.; v. t.: A whorl. See Whorl.
Found on page(s): [47]

vale - vale, Definition(s): n.: A tract of low ground or of land between hills; a valley.; n.: See 2d Vail 3.
Found on page(s): [21, 34]

sphere - sphere, Definition(s): n.: A body or space contained under a single surface which in every part is equally distant from a point within called its center.; n.: Hence any globe or globular body especially a celestial one as the sun a planet or the earth.; n.: The apparent surface of the heavens which is assumed to be spherical and everywhere equally distant in which the heavenly bodies appear to have their places and on which the various astronomical circles as of right ascension and declination the equator ecliptic etc. are conceived to be drawn; an ideal geometrical sphere with the astronomical and geographical circles in their proper positions on it.; n.: In ancient astronomy one of the concentric and eccentric revolving spherical transparent shells in which the stars sun planets and moon were supposed to be set and by which they were carried in such a manner as to produce their apparent motions.; n.: The extension of a general conception or the totality of the individuals or species to which it may be applied.; n.: Circuit or range of action knowledge or influence; compass; province; employment; place of existence.; n.: Rank; order of society; social positions.; n.: An orbit as of a star; a socket.; v. t.: To place in a sphere or among the spheres; to insphere.; v. t.: To form into roundness; to make spherical or spheral; to perfect.
Found on page(s): [4, 6, 8, 10, 13, 19, 35, 52]

dissolve - dissolve, Definition(s): v. t.: To separate into competent parts; to disorganize; to break up; hence to bring to an end by separating the parts sundering a relation etc.; to terminate; to destroy; to deprive of force; as to dissolve a partnership; to dissolve Parliament.; v. t.: To break the continuity of; to disconnect; to disunite; to sunder; to loosen; to undo; to separate.; v. t.: To convert into a liquid by means of heat moisture etc.; to melt; to liquefy; to soften.; v. t.: To solve; to clear up; to resolve.; v. t.: To relax by pleasure; to make powerless.; v. t.: To annul; to rescind; to discharge or release; as to dissolve an injunction.; v. i.: To waste away; to be dissipated; to be decomposed or broken up.; v. i.: To become fluid; to be melted; to be liquefied.; v. i.: To fade away; to fall to nothing; to lose power.
Found on page(s): [27]

peril - peril, Definition(s): n.: Danger; risk; hazard; jeopardy; exposure of person or property to injury loss or destruction.; v. t.: To expose to danger; to hazard; to risk; as to peril one's life.; v. i.: To be in danger.
Found on page(s): [14, 15, 28]

oer - oer, Definition(s): prep. & adv.: A contr. of Over.
Found on page(s): [5, 21, 24]

belief - belief, Definition(s): n.: Assent to a proposition or affirmation or the acceptance of a fact opinion or assertion as real or true without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as belief of a witness; the belief of our senses.; n.: A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith.; n.: The thing believed; the object of belief.; n.: A tenet or the body of tenets held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
Found on page(s): [6, 23]

abyss - abyss, Definition(s): n.: A bottomless or unfathomed depth gulf or chasm; hence any deep immeasurable and specifically hell or the bottomless pit.; n.: Infinite time; a vast intellectual or moral depth.; n.: The center of an escutcheon.
Found on page(s): [26]

congregate - congregate, Definition(s): a.: Collected; compact; close.; v. t.: To collect into an assembly or assemblage; to assemble; to bring into one place or into a united body; to gather together; to mass; to compact.; v. i.: To come together; to assemble; to meet.
Found on page(s): [48]

delight - delight, Definition(s): v. t.: A high degree of gratification of mind; a high- wrought state of pleasurable feeling; lively pleasure; extreme satisfaction; joy.; v. t.: That which gives great pleasure or delight.; v. t.: Licentious pleasure; lust.; v. t.: To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly; as a beautiful landscape delights the eye; harmony delights the ear.; v. i.: To have or take great delight or pleasure; to be greatly pleased or rejoiced; -- followed by an infinitive or by in.
Found on page(s): [15, 23, 36, 40, 51, 52]

unsound - unsound, Definition(s): a.: Not sound; not whole; not solid; defective; infirm; diseased.
Found on page(s): [9]

duteous - duteous, Definition(s): a.: Fulfilling duty; dutiful; having the sentiments due to a superior or to one to whom respect or service is owed; obedient; as a duteous son or daughter.; a.: Subservient; obsequious.
Found on page(s): [21]

thorn - thorn, Definition(s): n.: A hard and sharp-pointed projection from a woody stem; usually a branch so transformed; a spine.; n.: Any shrub or small tree which bears thorns; especially any species of the genus Crataegus as the hawthorn whitethorn cockspur thorn.; n.: Fig.: That which pricks or annoys as a thorn; anything troublesome; trouble; care.; n.: The name of the Anglo-Saxon letter / capital form /. It was used to represent both of the sounds of English th as in thin then. So called because it was the initial letter of thorn a spine.; v. t.: To prick as with a thorn.
Found on page(s): [50]

break - break, Definition(s): v. t.: To strain apart; to sever by fracture; to divide with violence; as to break a rope or chain; to break a seal; to break an axle; to break rocks or coal; to break a lock.; v. t.: To lay open as by breaking; to divide; as to break a package of goods.; v. t.: To lay open as a purpose; to disclose divulge or communicate.; v. t.: To infringe or violate as an obligation law or promise.; v. t.: To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate; as to break silence; to break one's sleep; to break one's journey.; v. t.: To destroy the completeness of; to remove a part from; as to break a set.; v. t.: To destroy the arrangement of; to throw into disorder; to pierce; as the cavalry were not able to break the British squares.; v. t.: To shatter to pieces; to reduce to fragments.; v. t.: To exchange for other money or currency of smaller denomination; as to break a five dollar bill.; v. t.: To destroy the strength firmness or consistency of; as to break flax.; v. t.: To weaken or impair as health spirit or mind.; v. t.: To diminish the force of; to lessen the shock of as a fall or blow.; v. t.: To impart as news or information; to broach; -- with to and often with a modified word implying some reserve; as to break the news gently to the widow; to break a purpose cautiously to a friend.; v. t.: To tame; to reduce to subjection; to make tractable; to discipline; as to break a horse to the harness or saddle.; v. t.: To destroy the financial credit of; to make bankrupt; to ruin.; v. t.: To destroy the official character and standing of; to cashier; to dismiss.; v. i.: To come apart or divide into two or more pieces usually with suddenness and violence; to part; to burst asunder.; v. i.: To open spontaneously or by pressure from within as a bubble a tumor a seed vessel a bag.; v. i.: To burst forth; to make its way; to come to view; to appear; to dawn.; v. i.: To burst forth violently as a storm.; v. i.: To open up; to be scattered; to be dissipated; as the clouds are breaking.; v. i.: To become weakened in constitution or faculties; to lose health or strength.; v. i.: To be crushed or overwhelmed with sorrow or grief; as my heart is breaking.; v. i.: To fall in business; to become bankrupt.; v. i.: To make an abrupt or sudden change; to change the gait; as to break into a run or gallop.; v. i.: To fail in musical quality; as a singer's voice breaks when it is strained beyond its compass and a tone or note is not completed but degenerates into an unmusical sound instead. Also to change in tone as a boy's voice at puberty.; v. i.: To fall out; to terminate friendship.; v. t.: An opening made by fracture or disruption.; v. t.: An interruption of continuity; change of direction; as a break in a wall; a break in the deck of a ship.; v. t.: A projection or recess from the face of a building.; v. t.: An opening or displacement in the circuit interrupting the electrical current.; v. t.: An interruption; a pause; as a break in friendship; a break in the conversation.; v. t.: An interruption in continuity in writing or printing as where there is an omission an unfilled line etc.; v. t.: The first appearing as of light in the morning; the dawn; as the break of day; the break of dawn.; v. t.: A large four-wheeled carriage having a straight body and calash top with the driver's seat in front and the footman's behind.; v. t.: A device for checking motion or for measuring friction. See Brake n. 9 & 10.; n.: See Commutator.
Found on page(s): [41]

knew - knew, Definition(s): imp.: of Know.
Found on page(s): [34, 50, 53]

draw - draw, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to move continuously by force applied in advance of the thing moved; to pull along; to haul; to drag; to cause to follow.; v. t.: To influence to move or tend toward one's self; to exercise an attracting force upon; to call towards itself; to attract; hence to entice; to allure; to induce.; v. t.: To cause to come out for one's use or benefit; to extract; to educe; to bring forth; as: (a) To bring or take out or to let out from some receptacle as a stick or post from a hole water from a cask or well etc.; v. t.: To pull from a sheath as a sword.; v. t.: To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive.; v. t.: To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive.; v. t.: To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund or the like; as to draw money from a bank.; v. t.: To take from a box or wheel as a lottery ticket; to receive from a lottery by the drawing out of the numbers for prizes or blanks; hence to obtain by good fortune; to win; to gain; as he drew a prize.; v. t.: To select by the drawing of lots.; v. t.: To drain by emptying; to suck dry.; v. t.: To extract the bowels of; to eviscerate; as to draw a fowl; to hang draw and quarter a criminal.; v. t.: To take into the lungs; to inhale; to inspire; hence also to utter or produce by an inhalation; to heave.; v. t.: To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch; to extend as a mass of metal into wire.; v. t.: To run extend or produce as a line on any surface; hence also to form by marking; to make by an instrument of delineation; to produce as a sketch figure or picture.; v. t.: To represent by lines drawn; to form a sketch or a picture of; to represent by a picture; to delineate; hence to represent by words; to depict; to describe.; v. t.: To write in due form; to prepare a draught of; as to draw a memorial a deed or bill of exchange.; v. t.: To require (so great a depth as of water) for floating; -- said of a vessel; to sink so deep in (water); as a ship draws ten feet of water.; v. t.: To withdraw.; v. t.: To trace by scent; to track; -- a hunting term.; v. i.: To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling; as a horse draws well; the sails of a ship draw well.; v. i.: To draw a liquid from some receptacle as water from a well.; v. i.: To exert an attractive force; to act as an inducement or enticement.; v. i.: To have efficiency as an epispastic; to act as a sinapism; -- said of a blister poultice etc.; v. i.: To have draught as a chimney flue or the like; to furnish transmission to smoke gases etc.; v. i.: To unsheathe a weapon especially a sword.; v. i.: To perform the act or practice the art of delineation; to sketch; to form figures or pictures.; v. i.: To become contracted; to shrink.; v. i.: To move; to come or go; literally to draw one's self; -- with prepositions and adverbs; as to draw away to move off esp. in racing to get in front; to obtain the lead or increase it; to draw back to retreat; to draw level to move up even (with another); to come up to or overtake another; to draw off to retire or retreat; to draw on to advance; to draw up to form in array; to draw near nigh or towards to approach; to draw together to come together to collect.; v. i.: To make a draft or written demand for payment of money deposited or due; -- usually with on or upon.; v. i.: To admit the action of pulling or dragging; to undergo draught; as a carriage draws easily.; v. i.: To sink in water; to require a depth for floating.; n.: The act of drawing; draught.; n.: A lot or chance to be drawn.; n.: A drawn game or battle etc.; n.: That part of a bridge which may be raised swung round or drawn aside; the movable part of a drawbridge. See the Note under Drawbridge.
Found on page(s): [19]

revolving - revolving, Definition(s): a.: Making a revolution or revolutions; rotating; -- used also figuratively of time seasons etc. depending on the revolution of the earth.
Found on page(s): [8, 24]

clearing - clearing, Definition(s): n.: The act or process of making clear.; n.: A tract of land cleared of wood for cultivation.; n.: A method adopted by banks and bankers for making an exchange of checks held by each against the others and settling differences of accounts.; n.: The gross amount of the balances adjusted in the clearing house.
Found on page(s): [30]

hide - hide, Definition(s): v. t.: To conceal or withdraw from sight; to put out of view; to secrete.; v. t.: To withhold from knowledge; to keep secret; to refrain from avowing or confessing.; v. t.: To remove from danger; to shelter.; v. i.: To lie concealed; to keep one's self out of view; to be withdrawn from sight or observation.; n.: An abode or dwelling.; n.: A measure of land common in Domesday Book and old English charters the quantity of which is not well ascertained but has been differently estimated at 80 100 and 120 acres.; n.: The skin of an animal either raw or dressed; -- generally applied to the undressed skins of the larger domestic animals as oxen horses etc.; n.: The human skin; -- so called in contempt.; v. t.: To flog; to whip.
Found on page(s): [44]

candle - candle, Definition(s): n.: A slender cylindrical body of tallow containing a wick composed of loosely twisted linen of cotton threads and used to furnish light.; n.: That which gives light; a luminary.
Found on page(s): [40]

oft - oft, Definition(s): adv.: Often; frequently; not rarely; many times.; a.: Frequent; often; repeated.
Found on page(s): [15, 19, 53, 54]

infatuate - infatuate, Definition(s): a.: Infatuated.; v. t.: To make foolish; to affect with folly; to weaken the intellectual powers of or to deprive of sound judgment.; v. t.: To inspire with a foolish and extravagant passion; as to be infatuated with gaming.
Found on page(s): [32]

conscious - conscious, Definition(s): a.: Possessing the faculty of knowing one's own thoughts or mental operations.; a.: Possessing knowledge whether by internal conscious experience or by external observation; cognizant; aware; sensible.; a.: Made the object of consciousness; known to one's self; as conscious guilt.
Found on page(s): [22]

sigh - sigh, Definition(s): v. i.: To inhale a larger quantity of air than usual and immediately expel it; to make a deep single audible respiration especially as the result or involuntary expression of fatigue exhaustion grief sorrow or the like.; v. i.: Hence to lament; to grieve.; v. i.: To make a sound like sighing.; v. t.: To exhale (the breath) in sighs.; v. t.: To utter sighs over; to lament or mourn over.; v. t.: To express by sighs; to utter in or with sighs.; v. i.: A deep and prolonged audible inspiration or respiration of air as when fatigued or grieved; the act of sighing.; v. i.: Figuratively a manifestation of grief; a lan/ent.
Found on page(s): [3]

lo - lo, Definition(s): interj.: Look; see; behold; observe.
Found on page(s): [19, 32, 36, 39, 52]

constant - constant, Definition(s): v. t.: Firm; solid; fixed; immovable; -- opposed to fluid.; v. t.: Not liable or given to change; permanent; regular; continuous; continually recurring; steadfast; faithful; not fickle.; v. t.: Remaining unchanged or invariable as a quantity force law etc.; v. t.: Consistent; logical.; n.: That which is not subject to change; that which is invariable.; n.: A quantity that does not change its value; -- used in countradistinction to variable.
Found on page(s): [40, 41]

cursed - cursed, Definition(s): a.: Deserving a curse; execrable; hateful; detestable; abominable.
Found on page(s): [35]

brotherhood - brotherhood, Definition(s): n.: The state of being brothers or a brother.; n.: An association for any purpose as a society of monks; a fraternity.; n.: The whole body of persons engaged in the same business -- especially those of the same profession; as the legal or medical brotherhood.; n.: Persons and poetically things of a like kind.
Found on page(s): [42]

proceeds - proceeds, Definition(s): n. pl.: That which comes forth or results; effect; yield; issue; product; sum accruing from a sale etc.
Found on page(s): [7, 8]

son - son, Definition(s): n.: A male child; the male issue or offspring of a parent father or mother.; n.: A male descendant however distant; hence in the plural descendants in general.; n.: Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil ward or any other male dependent.; n.: A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as sons of Albion; sons of New England.; n.: The produce of anything.; n.: Jesus Christ the Savior; -- called the Son of God and the Son of man.
Found on page(s): [27, 28, 31, 34, 42, 55]

split - split, Definition(s): v. t.: To divide lengthwise; to separate from end to end esp. by force; to divide in the direction of the grain layers; to rive; to cleave; as to split a piece of timber or a board; to split a gem; to split a sheepskin.; v. t.: To burst; to rupture; to rend; to tear asunder.; v. t.: To divide or break up into parts or divisions as by discord; to separate into parts or parties as a political party; to disunite.; v. t.: To divide or separate into components; -- often used with up; as to split up sugar into alcohol and carbonic acid.; v. i.: To part asunder; to be rent; to burst; as vessels split by the freezing of water in them.; v. i.: To be broken; to be dashed to pieces.; v. i.: To separate into parties or factions.; v. i.: To burst with laughter.; v. i.: To divulge a secret; to betray confidence; to peach.; v. i.: to divide one hand of blackjack into two hands allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value.; n.: A crack or longitudinal fissure.; n.: A breach or separation as in a political party; a division.; n.: A piece that is split off or made thin by splitting; a splinter; a fragment.; n.: Specif (Leather Manuf.) one of the sections of a skin made by dividing it into two or more thicknesses.; n.: A division of a stake happening when two cards of the kind on which the stake is laid are dealt in the same turn.; n.: the substitution of more than one share of a corporation's stock for one share. The market price of the stock usually drops in proportion to the increase in outstanding shares of stock. The split may be in any ratio as a two-for-one split; a three-for-two split.; n.: the division by a player of one hand of blackjack into two hands allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value; the player is usually obliged to increase the amount wagered by placing a sum equal to the original bet on the new hand thus created.; a.: Divided; cleft.; a.: Divided deeply; cleft.
Found on page(s): [43]

sufficient - sufficient, Definition(s): a.: Equal to the end proposed; adequate to wants; enough; ample; competent; as provision sufficient for the family; an army sufficient to defend the country.; a.: Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit.; a.: Capable of meeting obligations; responsible.; a.: Self-sufficient; self-satisfied; content.
Found on page(s): [49]

limit - limit, Definition(s): v. t.: That which terminates circumscribes restrains or confines; the bound border or edge; the utmost extent; as the limit of a walk of a town of a country; the limits of human knowledge or endeavor.; v. t.: The space or thing defined by limits.; v. t.: That which terminates a period of time; hence the period itself; the full time or extent.; v. t.: A restriction; a check; a curb; a hindrance.; v. t.: A determining feature; a distinguishing characteristic; a differentia.; v. t.: A determinate quantity to which a variable one continually approaches and may differ from it by less than any given difference but to which under the law of variation the variable can never become exactly equivalent.; v. t.: To apply a limit to or set a limit for; to terminate circumscribe or restrict by a limit or limits; as to limit the acreage of a crop; to limit the issue of paper money; to limit one's ambitions or aspirations; to limit the meaning of a word.; v. i.: To beg or to exercise functions within a certain limited region; as a limiting friar.
Found on page(s): [7, 30]

lust - lust, Definition(s): n.: Pleasure.; n.: Inclination; desire.; n.: Longing desire; eagerness to possess or enjoy; -- in a had sense; as the lust of gain.; n.: Licentious craving; sexual appetite.; n.: Hence: Virility; vigor; active power.; n.: To list; to like.; n.: To have an eager passionate and especially an inordinate or sinful desire as for the gratification of the sexual appetite or of covetousness; -- often with after.
Found on page(s): [18]

claim - claim, Definition(s): v./.: To ask for or seek to obtain by virtue of authority right or supposed right; to challenge as a right; to demand as due.; v./.: To proclaim.; v./.: To call or name.; v./.: To assert; to maintain.; v. i.: To be entitled to anything; to deduce a right or title; to have a claim.; n.: A demand of a right or supposed right; a calling on another for something due or supposed to be due; an assertion of a right or fact.; n.: A right to claim or demand something; a title to any debt privilege or other thing in possession of another; also a title to anything which another should give or concede to or confer on the claimant.; n.: The thing claimed or demanded; that (as land) to which any one intends to establish a right; as a settler's claim; a miner's claim.; n.: A loud call.
Found on page(s): [55]

noah - noah, Definition(s): n.: A patriarch of Biblical history in the time of the Deluge.
Found on page(s): [43]

blackness - blackness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being black; black color; atrociousness or enormity in wickedness.
Found on page(s): [2]

discretion - discretion, Definition(s): n.: Disjunction; separation.; n.: The quality of being discreet; wise conduct and management; cautious discernment especially as to matters of propriety and self-control; prudence; circumspection; wariness.; n.: Discrimination.; n.: Freedom to act according to one's own judgment; unrestrained exercise of choice or will.
Found on page(s): [18]

contest - contest, Definition(s): v. t.: To make a subject of dispute contention litigation or emulation; to contend for; to call in question; to controvert; to oppose; to dispute.; v. t.: To strive earnestly to hold or maintain; to struggle to defend; as the troops contested every inch of ground.; v. t.: To make a subject of litigation; to defend as a suit; to dispute or resist; as a claim by course of law; to controvert.; v. i.: To engage in contention or emulation; to contend; to strive; to vie; to emulate; -- followed usually by with.; n.: Earnest dispute; strife in argument; controversy; debate; altercation.; n.: Earnest struggle for superiority victory defense etc.; competition; emulation; strife in arms; conflict; combat; encounter.
Found on page(s): [35]

lance - lance, Definition(s): n.: A weapon of war consisting of a long shaft or handle and a steel blade or head; a spear carried by horsemen and often decorated with a small flag; also a spear or harpoon used by whalers and fishermen.; n.: A soldier armed with a lance; a lancer.; n.: A small iron rod which suspends the core of the mold in casting a shell.; n.: An instrument which conveys the charge of a piece of ordnance and forces it home.; n.: One of the small paper cases filled with combustible composition which mark the outlines of a figure.; v. t.: To pierce with a lance or with any similar weapon.; v. t.: To open with a lancet; to pierce; as to lance a vein or an abscess.; v. t.: To throw in the manner of a lance. See Lanch.
Found on page(s): [47]

aright - aright, Definition(s): adv.: Rightly; correctly; in a right way or form; without mistake or crime; as to worship God aright.
Found on page(s): [14]

bituminous - bituminous, Definition(s): a.: Having the qualities of bitumen; compounded with bitumen; containing bitumen.
Found on page(s): [30]

preserve - preserve, Definition(s): v. t.: To keep or save from injury or destruction; to guard or defend from evil harm danger etc.; to protect.; v. t.: To save from decay by the use of some preservative substance as sugar salt etc.; to season and prepare for remaining in a good state as fruits meat etc.; as to preserve peaches or grapes.; v. t.: To maintain throughout; to keep intact; as to preserve appearances; to preserve silence.; v. i.: To make preserves.; v. i.: To protect game for purposes of sport.; n.: That which is preserved; fruit etc. seasoned and kept by suitable preparation; esp. fruit cooked with sugar; -- commonly in the plural.; n.: A place in which game fish etc. are preserved for purposes of sport or for food.
Found on page(s): [18]

luminary - luminary, Definition(s): n.: Any body that gives light especially one of the heavenly bodies.; n.: One who illustrates any subject or enlightens mankind; as Newton was a distinguished luminary.
Found on page(s): [12, 47, 54]

flowing - flowing, Definition(s): a.: That flows or for flowing (in various sense of the verb); gliding along smoothly; copious.; : a. & n. from Flow v. i. & t.
Found on page(s): [9, 38]

chosen - chosen, Definition(s): p. p.: Selected from a number; picked out; choice.; n.: One who or that which is the object of choice or special favor.
Found on page(s): [41]

daniel - daniel, Definition(s): n.: A Hebrew prophet distinguished for sagacity and ripeness of judgment in youth; hence a sagacious and upright judge.
Found on page(s): [13]

perchance - perchance, Definition(s): adv.: By chance; perhaps; peradventure.
Found on page(s): [2, 5, 14, 52]

gaze - gaze, Definition(s): v. i.: To fixx the eyes in a steady and earnest look; to look with eagerness or curiosity as in admiration astonishment or with studious attention.; v. t.: To view with attention; to gaze on .; n.: A fixed look; a look of eagerness wonder or admiration; a continued look of attention.; n.: The object gazed on.
Found on page(s): [2, 12, 20, 32, 43]

spy - spy, Definition(s): v. t.: To gain sight of; to discover at a distance or in a state of concealment; to espy; to see.; v. t.: To discover by close search or examination.; v. t.: To explore; to view; inspect; and examine secretly as a country; -- usually with out.; v. i.: To search narrowly; to scrutinize.; n.: One who keeps a constant watch of the conduct of others.; n.: A person sent secretly into an enemy's camp territory or fortifications to inspect his works ascertain his strength movements or designs and to communicate such intelligence to the proper officer.
Found on page(s): [53]

athwart - athwart, Definition(s): prep.: Across; from side to side of.; prep.: Across the direction or course of; as a fleet standing athwart our course.; adv.: Across especially in an oblique direction; sidewise; obliquely.; adv.: Across the course; so as to thwart; perversely.
Found on page(s): [53]

heat - heat, Definition(s): n.: A force in nature which is recognized in various effects but especially in the phenomena of fusion and evaporation and which as manifested in fire the sun's rays mechanical action chemical combination etc. becomes directly known to us through the sense of feeling. In its nature heat is a mode if motion being in general a form of molecular disturbance or vibration. It was formerly supposed to be a subtile imponderable fluid to which was given the name caloric.; n.: The sensation caused by the force or influence of heat when excessive or above that which is normal to the human body; the bodily feeling experienced on exposure to fire the sun's rays etc.; the reverse of cold.; n.: High temperature as distinguished from low temperature or cold; as the heat of summer and the cold of winter; heat of the skin or body in fever etc.; n.: Indication of high temperature; appearance condition or color of a body as indicating its temperature; redness; high color; flush; degree of temperature to which something is heated as indicated by appearance condition or otherwise.; n.: A single complete operation of heating as at a forge or in a furnace; as to make a horseshoe in a certain number of heats.; n.: A violent action unintermitted; a single effort; a single course in a race that consists of two or more courses; as he won two heats out of three.; n.: Utmost violence; rage; vehemence; as the heat of battle or party.; n.: Agitation of mind; inflammation or excitement; exasperation.; n.: Animation as in discourse; ardor; fervency.; n.: Sexual excitement in animals.; n.: Fermentation.; v. t.: To make hot; to communicate heat to or cause to grow warm; as to heat an oven or furnace an iron or the like.; v. t.: To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish.; v. t.: To excite ardor in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame as the passions.; v. i.: To grow warm or hot by the action of fire or friction etc. or the communication of heat; as the iron or the water heats slowly.; v. i.: To grow warm or hot by fermentation or the development of heat by chemical action; as green hay heats in a mow and manure in the dunghill.; imp. & p. p.: Heated; as the iron though heat red-hot.
Found on page(s): [15, 41, 53]

bride - bride, Definition(s): n.: A woman newly married or about to be married.; n.: Fig.: An object ardently loved.; v. t.: To make a bride of.
Found on page(s): [41]

behind - behind, Definition(s): a.: On the side opposite the front or nearest part; on the back side of; at the back of; on the other side of; as behind a door; behind a hill.; a.: Left after the departure of whether this be by removing to a distance or by death.; a.: Left a distance by in progress of improvement Hence: Inferior to in dignity rank knowledge or excellence or in any achievement.; adv.: At the back part; in the rear.; adv.: Toward the back part or rear; backward; as to look behind.; adv.: Not yet brought forward produced or exhibited to view; out of sight; remaining.; adv.: Backward in time or order of succession; past.; adv.: After the departure of another; as to stay behind.; n.: The backside; the rump.
Found on page(s): [7, 30, 31]

furrow - furrow, Definition(s): n.: A trench in the earth made by or as by a plow.; n.: Any trench channel or groove as in wood or metal; a wrinkle on the face; as the furrows of age.; n.: To cut a furrow in; to make furrows in; to plow; as to furrow the ground or sea.; n.: To mark with channels or with wrinkles.
Found on page(s): [5]

tenth - tenth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the ninth; coming after nine others.; a.: Constituting or being one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The next in order after the ninth; one coming after nine others.; n.: The quotient of a unit divided by ten; one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided.; n.: The tenth part of annual produce income increase or the like; a tithe.; n.: The interval between any tone and the tone represented on the tenth degree of the staff above it as between one of the scale and three of the octave above; the octave of the third.; n.: A temporary aid issuing out of personal property and granted to the king by Parliament; formerly the real tenth part of all the movables belonging to the subject.; n.: The tenth part of the annual profit of every living in the kingdom formerly paid to the pope but afterward transferred to the crown. It now forms a part of the fund called Queen Anne's Bounty.
Found on page(s): [45]

lowly - lowly, Definition(s): a.: Not high; not elevated in place; low.; a.: Low in rank or social importance.; a.: Not lofty or sublime; humble.; a.: Having a low esteem of one's own worth; humble; meek; free from pride.; adv.: In a low manner; humbly; meekly; modestly.; adv.: In a low condition; meanly.
Found on page(s): [42]

seal - seal, Definition(s): n.: Any aquatic carnivorous mammal of the families Phocidae and Otariidae.; n.: An engraved or inscribed stamp used for marking an impression in wax or other soft substance to be attached to a document or otherwise used by way of authentication or security.; n.: Wax wafer or other tenacious substance set to an instrument and impressed or stamped with a seal; as to give a deed under hand and seal.; n.: That which seals or fastens; esp. the wax or wafer placed on a letter or other closed paper etc. to fasten it.; n.: That which confirms ratifies or makes stable; that which authenticates; that which secures; assurance.; n.: An arrangement for preventing the entrance or return of gas or air into a pipe by which the open end of the pipe dips beneath the surface of water or other liquid or a deep bend or sag in the pipe is filled with the liquid; a draintrap.; v. t.: To set or affix a seal to; hence to authenticate; to confirm; to ratify; to establish; as to seal a deed.; v. t.: To mark with a stamp as an evidence of standard exactness legal size or merchantable quality; as to seal weights and measures; to seal silverware.; v. t.: To fasten with a seal; to attach together with a wafer wax or other substance causing adhesion; as to seal a letter.; v. t.: Hence to shut close; to keep close; to make fast; to keep secure or secret.; v. t.: To fix as a piece of iron in a wall with cement plaster or the like.; v. t.: To close by means of a seal; as to seal a drainpipe with water. See 2d Seal 5.; v. t.: Among the Mormons to confirm or set apart as a second or additional wife.; v. i.: To affix one's seal or a seal.
Found on page(s): [8, 25, 31, 42, 48]

bow - bow, Definition(s): v. t.: To cause to deviate from straightness; to bend; to inflect; to make crooked or curved.; v. t.: To exercise powerful or controlling influence over; to bend figuratively; to turn; to incline.; v. t.: To bend or incline as the head or body in token of respect gratitude assent homage or condescension.; v. t.: To cause to bend down; to prostrate; to depress;/ to crush; to subdue.; v. t.: To express by bowing; as to bow one's thanks.; v. i.: To bend; to curve.; v. i.: To stop.; v. i.: To bend the head knee or body in token of reverence or submission; -- often with down.; v. i.: To incline the head in token of salutation civility or assent; to make bow.; n.: An inclination of the head or a bending of the body in token of reverence respect civility or submission; an obeisance; as a bow of deep humility.; v. t.: Anything bent or in the form of a curve as the rainbow.; v. t.: A weapon made of a strip of wood or other elastic material with a cord connecting the two ends by means of which an arrow is propelled.; v. t.: An ornamental knot with projecting loops formed by doubling a ribbon or string.; v. t.: The U-shaped piece which embraces the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke.; v. t.: An appliance consisting of an elastic rod with a number of horse hairs stretched from end to end of it used in playing on a stringed instrument.; v. t.: An arcograph.; v. t.: Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod with ends connected by a string employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill or for preparing and arranging the hair fur etc. used by hatters.; v. t.: A rude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea.; sing. or pl.: Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddletree.; v. i.: To play (music) with a bow.; v. i. : To manage the bow.; n.: The bending or rounded part of a ship forward; the stream or prow.; n.: One who rows in the forward part of a boat; the bow oar.
Found on page(s): [4, 24, 31]

lamely - lamely, Definition(s): adv.: An a lame crippled disabled or imperfect manner; as to walk lamely; a figure lamely drawn.
Found on page(s): [41]

cassius - cassius, Definition(s): n.: A brownish purple pigment obtained by the action of some compounds of tin upon certain salts of gold. It is used in painting and staining porcelain and glass to give a beautiful purple color. Commonly called Purple of Cassius.
Found on page(s): [22]

hear - hear, Definition(s): v. t.: To perceive by the ear; to apprehend or take cognizance of by the ear; as to hear sounds; to hear a voice; to hear one call.; v. t.: To give audience or attention to; to listen to; to heed; to accept the doctrines or advice of; to obey; to examine; to try in a judicial court; as to hear a recitation; to hear a class; the case will be heard to-morrow.; v. t.: To attend or be present at as hearer or worshiper; as to hear a concert; to hear Mass.; v. t.: To give attention to as a teacher or judge.; v. t.: To accede to the demand or wishes of; to listen to and answer favorably; to favor.; v. i.: To have the sense or faculty of perceiving sound.; v. i.: To use the power of perceiving sound; to perceive or apprehend by the ear; to attend; to listen.; v. i.: To be informed by oral communication; to be told; to receive information by report or by letter.
Found on page(s): [18, 22, 25, 29, 38, 39, 51]

rescue - rescue, Definition(s): v. t.: To free or deliver from any confinement violence danger or evil; to liberate from actual restraint; to remove or withdraw from a state of exposure to evil; as to rescue a prisoner from the enemy; to rescue seamen from destruction.; v.: The act of rescuing; deliverance from restraint violence or danger; liberation.; v.: The forcible retaking or taking away against law of things lawfully distrained.; v.: The forcible liberation of a person from an arrest or imprisonment.; v.: The retaking by a party captured of a prize made by the enemy.
Found on page(s): [22]

fight - fight, Definition(s): v. i.: To strive or contend for victory with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat subdue or destroy an enemy either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against.; v. i.: To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance.; v. t.: To carry on or wage as a conflict or battle; to win or gain by struggle as one's way; to sustain by fighting as a cause.; v. t.: To contend with in battle; to war against; as they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours.; v. t.: To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight; as to fight cocks; to fight one's ship.; v. i.: A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory between individuals or between armies ships or navies etc.; v. i.: A struggle or contest of any kind.; v. i.: Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity; as he has a great deal of fight in him.; v. i.: A screen for the combatants in ships.
Found on page(s): [45]

brief - brief, Definition(s): a.: Short in duration.; a.: Concise; terse; succinct.; a.: Rife; common; prevalent.; adv.: Briefly.; adv.: Soon; quickly.; a.: A short concise writing or letter; a statement in few words.; a.: An epitome.; a.: An abridgment or concise statement of a client's case made out for the instruction of counsel in a trial at law. This word is applied also to a statement of the heads or points of a law argument.; a.: A writ; a breve. See Breve n. 2.; n.: A writ issuing from the chancery directed to any judge ordinary commanding and authorizing that judge to call a jury to inquire into the case and upon their verdict to pronounce sentence.; n.: A letter patent from proper authority authorizing a collection or charitable contribution of money in churches for any public or private purpose.; v. t.: To make an abstract or abridgment of; to shorten; as to brief pleadings.
Found on page(s): [3, 34, 48]

chance - chance, Definition(s): n.: A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force law or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified.; n.: The operation or activity of such agent.; n.: The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty.; n.: A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him.; n.: Probability.; v. i.: To happen come or arrive without design or expectation.; v. t.: To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object.; v. t.: To befall; to happen to.; a.: Happening by chance; casual.; adv.: By chance; perchance.
Found on page(s): [31, 35]

nature - nature, Definition(s): n.: The existing system of things; the world of matter or of matter and mind; the creation; the universe.; n.: The personified sum and order of causes and effects; the powers which produce existing phenomena whether in the total or in detail; the agencies which carry on the processes of creation or of being; -- often conceived of as a single and separate entity embodying the total of all finite agencies and forces as disconnected from a creating or ordering intelligence.; n.: The established or regular course of things; usual order of events; connection of cause and effect.; n.: Conformity to that which is natural as distinguished from that which is artifical or forced or remote from actual experience.; n.: The sum of qualities and attributes which make a person or thing what it is as distinct from others; native character; inherent or essential qualities or attributes; peculiar constitution or quality of being.; n.: Hence: Kind sort; character; quality.; n.: Physical constitution or existence; the vital powers; the natural life.; n.: Natural affection or reverence.; n.: Constitution or quality of mind or character.; v. t.: To endow with natural qualities.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 11, 14, 16, 19, 20, 24, 25, 26, 30, 31, 32, 36, 39, 47, 48, 49]

wheel - wheel, Definition(s): n.: A circular frame turning about an axis; a rotating disk whether solid or a frame composed of an outer rim spokes or radii and a central hub or nave in which is inserted the axle -- used for supporting and conveying vehicles in machinery and for various purposes; as the wheel of a wagon of a locomotive of a mill of a watch etc.; n.: Any instrument having the form of or chiefly consisting of a wheel.; n.: A spinning wheel. See under Spinning.; n.: An instrument of torture formerly used.; n.: A circular frame having handles on the periphery and an axle which is so connected with the tiller as to form a means of controlling the rudder for the purpose of steering.; n.: A potter's wheel. See under Potter.; n.: A firework which while burning is caused to revolve on an axis by the reaction of the escaping gases.; n.: The burden or refrain of a song.; n.: A bicycle or a tricycle; a velocipede.; n.: A rolling or revolving body; anything of a circular form; a disk; an orb.; n.: A turn revolution; rotation; compass.; v. t.: To convey on wheels or in a wheeled vehicle; as to wheel a load of hay or wood.; v. t.: To put into a rotatory motion; to cause to turn or revolve; to cause to gyrate; to make or perform in a circle.; v. i.: To turn on an axis or as on an axis; to revolve; to more about; to rotate; to gyrate.; v. i.: To change direction as if revolving upon an axis or pivot; to turn; as the troops wheeled to the right.; v. i.: To go round in a circuit; to fetch a compass.; v. i.: To roll forward.
Found on page(s): [3, 34, 39, 43, 45, 47]

cross - cross, Definition(s): n.: A gibbet consisting of two pieces of timber placed transversely upon one another in various forms as a T or + with the horizontal piece below the upper end of the upright or as an X. It was anciently used in the execution of criminals.; n.: The sign or mark of the cross made with the finger or in ink etc. or actually represented in some material; the symbol of Christ's death; the ensign and chosen symbol of Christianity of a Christian people and of Christendom.; n.: Affiction regarded as a test of patience or virtue; trial; disappointment; opposition; misfortune.; n.: A piece of money stamped with the figure of a cross also that side of such a piece on which the cross is stamped; hence money in general.; n.: An appendage or ornament or anything in the form of a cross; a badge or ornamental device of the general shape of a cross; hence such an ornament even when varying considerably from that form; thus the Cross of the British Order of St. George and St. Michael consists of a central medallion with seven arms radiating from it.; n.: A monument in the form of a cross or surmounted by a cross set up in a public place; as a market cross; a boundary cross; Charing Cross in London.; n.: A common heraldic bearing of which there are many varieties. See the Illustration above.; n.: The crosslike mark or symbol used instead of a signature by those unable to write.; n.: Church lands.; n.: A line drawn across or through another line.; n.: A mixing of breeds or stock especially in cattle breeding; or the product of such intermixture; a hybrid of any kind.; n.: An instrument for laying of offsets perpendicular to the main course.; n.: A pipe-fitting with four branches the axes of which usually form's right angle.; a.: Not parallel; lying or falling athwart; transverse; oblique; intersecting.; a.: Not accordant with what is wished or expected; interrupting; adverse; contrary; thwarting; perverse.; a.: Characterized by or in a state of peevishness fretfulness or ill humor; as a cross man or woman.; a.: Made in an opposite direction or an inverse relation; mutually inverse; interchanged; as cross interrogatories; cross marriages as when a brother and sister marry persons standing in the same relation to each other.; prep.: Athwart; across.; v. t.: To put across or athwart; to cause to intersect; as to cross the arms.; v. t.: To lay or draw something as a line across; as to cross the letter t.; v. t.: To pass from one side to the other of; to pass or move over; to traverse; as to cross a stream.; v. t.: To pass as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time.; v. t.: To run counter to; to thwart; to obstruct; to hinder; to clash or interfere with.; v. t.: To interfere and cut off; to debar.; v. t.: To make the sign of the cross upon; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun; as he crossed himself.; v. t.: To cancel by marking crosses on or over or drawing a line across; to erase; -- usually with out off or over; as to cross out a name.; v. t.: To cause to interbreed; -- said of different stocks or races; to mix the breed of.; v. i.: To lie or be athwart.; v. i.: To move or pass from one side to the other or from place to place; to make a transit; as to cross from New York to Liverpool.; v. i.: To be inconsistent.; v. i.: To interbreed as races; to mix distinct breeds.
Found on page(s): [2, 25, 41, 53, 54]

raised - raised, Definition(s): a.: Lifted up; showing above the surroundings; as raised or embossed metal work.; a.: Leavened; made with leaven or yeast; -- used of bread cake etc. as distinguished from that made with cream of tartar soda etc. See Raise v. t. 4.
Found on page(s): [30]

gladness - gladness, Definition(s): n.: State or quality of being glad; pleasure; joyful satisfaction; cheerfulness.
Found on page(s): [10, 19, 20, 29, 30, 34, 40]

intelligent - intelligent, Definition(s): a.: Endowed with the faculty of understanding or reason; as man is an intelligent being.; a.: Possessed of intelligence education or judgment; knowing; sensible; skilled; marked by intelligence; as an intelligent young man; an intelligent architect; an intelligent answer.; a.: Gognizant; aware; communicate.
Found on page(s): [30]

whilst - whilst, Definition(s): adv.: While.
Found on page(s): [47]

drew - drew, Definition(s): imp.: of Draw.
Found on page(s): [19, 29]

newness - newness, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being new; as the newness of a system; the newness of a scene; newness of life.
Found on page(s): [3]

corollary - corollary, Definition(s): n.: That which is given beyond what is actually due as a garland of flowers in addition to wages; surplus; something added or superfluous.; n.: Something which follows from the demonstration of a proposition; an additional inference or deduction from a demonstrated proposition; a consequence.
Found on page(s): [32]

wrought - wrought, Definition(s): : of Work.; : imp. & p. p. of Work.; a.: Worked; elaborated; not rough or crude.
Found on page(s): [15, 21, 22, 35]

earth - earth, Definition(s): n.: The globe or planet which we inhabit; the world in distinction from the sun moon or stars. Also this world as the dwelling place of mortals in distinction from the dwelling place of spirits.; n.: The solid materials which make up the globe in distinction from the air or water; the dry land.; n.: The softer inorganic matter composing part of the surface of the globe in distinction from the firm rock; soil of all kinds including gravel clay loam and the like; sometimes soil favorable to the growth of plants; the visible surface of the globe; the ground; as loose earth; rich earth.; n.: A part of this globe; a region; a country; land.; n.: Worldly things as opposed to spiritual things; the pursuits interests and allurements of this life.; n.: The people on the globe.; n.: Any earthy-looking metallic oxide as alumina glucina zirconia yttria and thoria.; n.: A similar oxide having a slight alkaline reaction as lime magnesia strontia baryta.; n.: A hole in the ground where an animal hides himself; as the earth of a fox.; v. t.: To hide or cause to hide in the earth; to chase into a burrow or den.; v. t.: To cover with earth or mold; to inter; to bury; -- sometimes with up.; v. i.: To burrow.; n.: A plowing.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 6, 10, 11, 25, 27, 29, 31, 33, 34, 36, 40, 41, 52]

amen - amen, Definition(s): interj. adv. & n.: An expression used at the end of prayers and meaning So be it. At the end of a creed it is a solemn asseveration of belief. When it introduces a declaration it is equivalent to truly verily.; v. t.: To say Amen to; to sanction fully.
Found on page(s): [52]

spiritual - spiritual, Definition(s): a.: Consisting of spirit; not material; incorporeal; as a spiritual substance or being.; a.: Of or pertaining to the intellectual and higher endowments of the mind; mental; intellectual.; a.: Of or pertaining to the moral feelings or states of the soul as distinguished from the external actions; reaching and affecting the spirits.; a.: Of or pertaining to the soul or its affections as influenced by the Spirit; controlled and inspired by the divine Spirit; proceeding from the Holy Spirit; pure; holy; divine; heavenly-minded; -- opposed to carnal.; a.: Not lay or temporal; relating to sacred things; ecclesiastical; as the spiritual functions of the clergy; lords spiritual and temporal; a spiritual corporation.; n.: A spiritual function office or affair. See Spirituality 2.
Found on page(s): [41]

knit - knit, Definition(s): v. t.: To form into a knot or into knots; to tie together as cord; to fasten by tying.; v. t.: To form as a textile fabric by the interlacing of yarn or thread in a series of connected loops by means of needles either by hand or by machinery; as to knit stockings.; v. t.: To join; to cause to grow together.; v. t.: To unite closely; to connect; to engage; as hearts knit together in love.; v. t.: To draw together; to contract into wrinkles.; v. i.: To form a fabric by interlacing yarn or thread; to weave by making knots or loops.; v. i.: To be united closely; to grow together; as broken bones will in time knit and become sound.; n.: Union knitting; texture.
Found on page(s): [8]

tempting - tempting, Definition(s): a.: Adapted to entice or allure; attractive; alluring; seductive; enticing; as tempting pleasures.
Found on page(s): [12]

prophetic - prophetic, Definition(s): a.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [46]

lineage - lineage, Definition(s): n.: Descent in a line from a common progenitor; progeny; race; descending line of offspring or ascending line of parentage.
Found on page(s): [31]

quaintly - quaintly, Definition(s): adv.: In a quaint manner.
Found on page(s): [35]

nation - nation, Definition(s): n.: A part or division of the people of the earth distinguished from the rest by common descent language or institutions; a race; a stock.; n.: The body of inhabitants of a country united under an independent government of their own.; n.: Family; lineage.; n.: One of the divisions of university students in a classification according to nativity formerly common in Europe.; n.: One of the four divisions (named from the parts of Scotland) in which students were classified according to their nativity.; n.: A great number; a great deal; -- by way of emphasis; as a nation of herbs.
Found on page(s): [21]

stoop - stoop, Definition(s): n.: Originally a covered porch with seats at a house door; the Dutch stoep as introduced by the Dutch into New York. Afterward an out-of-door flight of stairs of from seven to fourteen steps with platform and parapets leading to an entrance door some distance above the street; the French perron. Hence any porch platform entrance stairway or small veranda at a house door.; n.: A vessel of liquor; a flagon.; n.: A post fixed in the earth.; v. i.: To bend the upper part of the body downward and forward; to bend or lean forward; to incline forward in standing or walking; to assume habitually a bent position.; v. i.: To yield; to submit; to bend as by compulsion; to assume a position of humility or subjection.; v. i.: To descend from rank or dignity; to condescend.; v. i.: To come down as a hawk does on its prey; to pounce; to souse; to swoop.; v. i.: To sink when on the wing; to alight.; v. t.: To bend forward and downward; to bow down; as to stoop the body.; v. t.: To cause to incline downward; to slant; as to stoop a cask of liquor.; v. t.: To cause to submit; to prostrate.; v. t.: To degrade.; n.: The act of stooping or bending the body forward; inclination forward; also an habitual bend of the back and shoulders.; n.: Descent as from dignity or superiority; condescension; an act or position of humiliation.; n.: The fall of a bird on its prey; a swoop.
Found on page(s): [26]

upper - upper, Definition(s): comp.: Being further up literally or figuratively; higher in place position rank dignity or the like; superior; as the upper lip; the upper side of a thing; the upper house of a legislature.; n.: The upper leather for a shoe; a vamp.
Found on page(s): [34, 35]

splendid - splendid, Definition(s): a.: Possessing or displaying splendor; shining; very bright; as a splendid sun.; a.: Showy; magnificent; sumptuous; pompous; as a splendid palace; a splendid procession or pageant.; a.: Illustrious; heroic; brilliant; celebrated; famous; as a splendid victory or reputation.
Found on page(s): [12]

dwelling - dwelling, Definition(s): n.: Habitation; place or house in which a person lives; abode; domicile.
Found on page(s): [2]

stood - stood, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Stand.
Found on page(s): [2, 14, 38, 42]

wrest - wrest, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn; to twist; esp. to twist or extort by violence; to pull of force away by or as if by violent wringing or twisting.; v. t.: To turn from truth; to twist from its natural or proper use or meaning by violence; to pervert; to distort.; v. t.: To tune with a wrest or key.; n.: The act of wresting; a wrench; a violent twist; hence distortion; perversion.; n.: Active or moving power.; n.: A key to tune a stringed instrument of music.; n.: A partition in a water wheel by which the form of the buckets is determined.
Found on page(s): [14]

falsehood - falsehood, Definition(s): n.: Want of truth or accuracy; an untrue assertion or representation; error; misrepresentation; falsity.; n.: A deliberate intentional assertion of what is known to be untrue; a departure from moral integrity; a lie.; n.: Treachery; deceit; perfidy; unfaithfulness.; n.: A counterfeit; a false appearance; an imposture.
Found on page(s): [6]

ponder - ponder, Definition(s): v. t.: To weigh.; v. t.: To weigh in the mind; to view with deliberation; to examine carefully; to consider attentively.; v. i.: To think; to deliberate; to muse; -- usually followed by on or over.
Found on page(s): [49]

empyreal - empyreal, Definition(s): a.: Formed of pure fire or light; refined beyond aerial substance; pertaining to the highest and purest region of heaven.; n.: Empyrean.
Found on page(s): [42]

minerva - minerva, Definition(s): n.: The goddess of wisdom of war of the arts and sciences of poetry and of spinning and weaving; -- identified with the Grecian Pallas Athene.
Found on page(s): [5]

drawn - drawn, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: See Draw v. t. & i.
Found on page(s): [4, 11, 15, 39]

thee - thee, Definition(s): a.: To thrive; to prosper.; pron.: The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 6, 7, 9, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 21, 22, 24, 25, 29, 30, 31, 32, 34, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 45, 46, 48, 49, 55]

closely - closely, Definition(s): adv.: In a close manner.; adv.: Secretly; privately.
Found on page(s): [41]

pleasure - pleasure, Definition(s): n.: The gratification of the senses or of the mind; agreeable sensations or emotions; the excitement relish or happiness produced by the expectation or the enjoyment of something good delightful or satisfying; -- opposed to pain sorrow etc.; n.: Amusement; sport; diversion; self-indulgence; frivolous or dissipating enjoyment; hence sensual gratification; -- opposed to labor service duty self-denial etc.; n.: What the will dictates or prefers as gratifying or satisfying; hence will; choice; wish; purpose.; n.: That which pleases; a favor; a gratification.; v. t.: To give or afford pleasure to; to please; to gratify.; v. i.: To take pleasure; to seek pursue pleasure; as to go pleasuring.
Found on page(s): [10, 11, 26, 29, 32, 44, 54]

exculpate - exculpate, Definition(s): v. t.: To clear from alleged fault or guilt; to prove to be guiltless; to relieve of blame; to acquit.
Found on page(s): [14]

ancient - ancient, Definition(s): a.: Old; that happened or existed in former times usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past; specifically applied to the times before the fall of the Roman empire; -- opposed to modern; as ancient authors literature history; ancient days.; a.: Old; that has been of long duration; of long standing; of great age; as an ancient forest; an ancient castle.; a.: Known for a long time or from early times; -- opposed to recent or new; as the ancient continent.; a.: Dignified like an aged man; magisterial; venerable.; a.: Experienced; versed.; a.: Former; sometime.; n.: Those who lived in former ages as opposed to the moderns.; n.: An aged man; a patriarch. Hence: A governor; a ruler; a person of influence.; n.: A senior; an elder; a predecessor.; n.: One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery.; n.: An ensign or flag.; n.: The bearer of a flag; an ensign.
Found on page(s): [22]

glory - glory, Definition(s): n.: Praise honor admiration or distinction accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; honorable fame; renown.; n.: That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honor; that which brings or gives renown; an object of pride or boast; the occasion of praise; excellency; brilliancy; splendor.; n.: Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.; n.: The presence of the Divine Being; the manifestations of the divine nature and favor to the blessed in heaven; celestial honor; heaven.; n.: An emanation of light supposed to proceed from beings of peculiar sanctity. It is represented in art by rays of gold or the like proceeding from the head or body or by a disk or a mere line.; n.: To exult with joy; to rejoice.; n.: To boast; to be proud.
Found on page(s): [1, 22, 44, 51]

morning - morning, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as morning dew; morning light; morning service.
Found on page(s): [2]

seat - seat, Definition(s): n.: The place or thing upon which one sits; hence; anything made to be sat in or upon as a chair bench stool saddle or the like.; n.: The place occupied by anything or where any person or thing is situated resides or abides; a site; an abode a station; a post; a situation.; n.: That part of a thing on which a person sits; as the seat of a chair or saddle; the seat of a pair of pantaloons.; n.: A sitting; a right to sit; regular or appropriate place of sitting; as a seat in a church; a seat for the season in the opera house.; n.: Posture or way of sitting on horseback.; n.: A part or surface on which another part or surface rests; as a valve seat.; v. t.: To place on a seat; to cause to sit down; as to seat one's self.; v. t.: To cause to occupy a post site situation or the like; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.; v. t.: To assign a seat to or the seats of; to give a sitting to; as to seat a church or persons in a church.; v. t.: To fix; to set firm.; v. t.: To settle; to plant with inhabitants; as to seat a country.; v. t.: To put a seat or bottom in; as to seat a chair.; v. i.: To rest; to lie down.
Found on page(s): [4, 20]

remorseless - remorseless, Definition(s): a.: Being without remorse; having no pity; hence destitute of sensibility; cruel; insensible to distress; merciless.
Found on page(s): [15]

wander - wander, Definition(s): v. i.: To ramble here and there without any certain course or with no definite object in view; to range about; to stroll; to rove; as to wander over the fields.; v. i.: To go away; to depart; to stray off; to deviate; to go astray; as a writer wanders from his subject.; v. i.: To be delirious; not to be under the guidance of reason; to rave; as the mind wanders.; v. t.: To travel over without a certain course; to traverse; to stroll through.
Found on page(s): [35, 43]

twelve - twelve, Definition(s): a.: One more that eleven; two and ten; twice six; a dozen.; n.: The number next following eleven; the sum of ten and two or of twice six; twelve units or objects; a dozen.; n.: A symbol representing twelve units as 12 or xii.
Found on page(s): [23, 45, 46]

mystic - mystic, Definition(s): a.: Alt.; n.: One given to mysticism; one who holds mystical views interpretations etc.; especially in ecclesiastical history one who professed mysticism. See Mysticism.
Found on page(s): [51]

oppose - oppose, Definition(s): n.: To place in front of or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit.; n.: To put in opposition with a view to counterbalance or countervail; to set against; to offer antagonistically.; n.: To resist or antagonize by physical means or by arguments etc.; to contend against; to confront; to resist; to withstand; as to oppose the king in battle; to oppose a bill in Congress.; n.: To compete with; to strive against; as to oppose a rival for a prize.; v. i.: To be set opposite.; v. i.: To act adversely or in opposition; -- with against or to; as a servant opposed against the act.; v. i.: To make objection or opposition in controversy.
Found on page(s): [21]

seed - seed, Definition(s): n.: A ripened ovule consisting of an embryo with one or more integuments or coverings; as an apple seed; a currant seed. By germination it produces a new plant.; n.: Any small seedlike fruit though it may consist of a pericarp or even a calyx as well as the seed proper; as parsnip seed; thistle seed.; n.: The generative fluid of the male; semen; sperm; -- not used in the plural.; n.: That from which anything springs; first principle; original; source; as the seeds of virtue or vice.; n.: The principle of production.; n.: Progeny; offspring; children; descendants; as the seed of Abraham; the seed of David.; n.: Race; generation; birth.; v. t.: To sprinkle with seed; to plant seeds in; to sow; as to seed a field.; v. t.: To cover thinly with something scattered; to ornament with seedlike decorations.
Found on page(s): [8, 26, 32, 45, 48, 55]

apprehension - apprehension, Definition(s): n.: The act of seizing or taking hold of; seizure; as the hand is an organ of apprehension.; n.: The act of seizing or taking by legal process; arrest; as the felon after his apprehension escaped.; n.: The act of grasping with the intellect; the contemplation of things without affirming denying or passing any judgment; intellection; perception.; n.: Opinion; conception; sentiment; idea.; n.: The faculty by which ideas are conceived; understanding; as a man of dull apprehension.; n.: Anticipation mostly of things unfavorable; distrust or fear at the prospect of future evil.
Found on page(s): [10]

betwixt - betwixt, Definition(s): prep.: In the space which separates; between.; prep.: From one to another of; mutually affecting.
Found on page(s): [7, 30]

sum - sum, Definition(s): n.: The aggregate of two or more numbers magnitudes quantities or particulars; the amount or whole of any number of individuals or particulars added together; as the sum of 5 and 7 is 12.; n.: A quantity of money or currency; any amount indefinitely; as a sum of money; a small sum or a large sum.; n.: The principal points or thoughts when viewed together; the amount; the substance; compendium; as this is the sum of all the evidence in the case; this is the sum and substance of his objections.; n.: Height; completion; utmost degree.; n.: A problem to be solved or an example to be wrought out.; v. t.: To bring together into one whole; to collect into one amount; to cast up as a column of figures; to ascertain the totality of; -- usually with up.; v. t.: To bring or collect into a small compass; to comprise in a few words; to condense; -- usually with up.; v. t.: To have (the feathers) full grown; to furnish with complete or full-grown plumage.
Found on page(s): [15]

innermost - innermost, Definition(s): a.: Farthest inward; most remote from the outward part; inmost; deepest within.
Found on page(s): [43]

proem - proem, Definition(s): n.: Preface; introduction; preliminary observations; prelude.; v. t.: To preface.
Found on page(s): [55]

seek - seek, Definition(s): a.: Sick.; v. t.: To go in search of; to look for; to search for; to try to find.; v. t.: To inquire for; to ask for; to solicit; to bessech.; v. t.: To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at; as to seek wealth or fame; to seek one's life.; v. t.: To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to.; v. i.: To make search or inquiry: to endeavor to make discovery.
Found on page(s): [14, 19]

fleshly - fleshly, Definition(s): a.: Of or pertaining to the flesh; corporeal.; a.: Animal; not/vegetable.; a.: Human; not celestial; not spiritual or divine.; a.: Carnal; wordly; lascivious.; adv.: In a fleshly manner; carnally; lasciviously.
Found on page(s): [19, 52]

seen - seen, Definition(s): : p. p. of See.; a.: Versed; skilled; accomplished.
Found on page(s): [3, 4, 6, 50, 51, 53]

serenely - serenely, Definition(s): adv.: In a serene manner; clearly.; adv.: With unruffled temper; coolly; calmly.
Found on page(s): [39]

seem - seem, Definition(s): a.: To appear or to appear to be; to have a show or semblance; to present an appearance; to look; to strike one's apprehension or fancy as being; to be taken as.; v. t.: To befit; to beseem.
Found on page(s): [44, 52]

blew - blew, Definition(s): : imp. of Blow.
Found on page(s): [12]

covenant - covenant, Definition(s): n.: A mutual agreement of two or more persons or parties or one of the stipulations in such an agreement.; n.: An agreement made by the Scottish Parliament in 1638 and by the English Parliament in 1643 to preserve the reformed religion in Scotland and to extirpate popery and prelacy; -- usually called the Solemn League and Covenant.; n.: The promises of God as revealed in the Scriptures conditioned on certain terms on the part of man as obedience repentance faith etc.; n.: A solemn compact between members of a church to maintain its faith discipline etc.; n.: An undertaking on sufficient consideration in writing and under seal to do or to refrain from some act or thing; a contract; a stipulation; also the document or writing containing the terms of agreement.; n.: A form of action for the violation of a promise or contract under seal.; v. i.: To agree (with); to enter into a formal agreement; to bind one's self by contract; to make a stipulation.; v. t.: To grant or promise by covenant.
Found on page(s): [17]

ken - ken, Definition(s): n.: A house; esp. one which is a resort for thieves.; n. t.: To know; to understand; to take cognizance of.; n. t.: To recognize; to descry; to discern.; v. i.: To look around.; n.: Cognizance; view; especially reach of sight or knowledge.
Found on page(s): [2, 19, 36, 38, 40, 49]

gloom - gloom, Definition(s): n.: Partial or total darkness; thick shade; obscurity; as the gloom of a forest or of midnight.; n.: A shady gloomy or dark place or grove.; n.: Cloudiness or heaviness of mind; melancholy; aspect of sorrow; low spirits; dullness.; n.: In gunpowder manufacture the drying oven.; v. i.: To shine or appear obscurely or imperfectly; to glimmer.; v. i.: To become dark or dim; to be or appear dismal gloomy or sad; to come to the evening twilight.; v. t.: To render gloomy or dark; to obscure; to darken.; v. t.: To fill with gloom; to make sad dismal or sullen.
Found on page(s): [30]

plainly - plainly, Definition(s): adv.: In a plain manner; clearly.
Found on page(s): [20, 49, 52]

mouldy - mouldy, Definition(s): superl.: Overgrown with or containing mold; as moldy cheese or bread.; : See Mold Molder Moldy etc.
Found on page(s): [46]

pierce - pierce, Definition(s): v. t.: To thrust into penetrate or transfix with a pointed instrument.; v. t.: To penetrate; to enter; to force a way into or through; to pass into or through; as to pierce the enemy's line; a shot pierced the ship.; v. t.: Fig.: To penetrate; to affect deeply; as to pierce a mystery.; v. i.: To enter; to penetrate; to make a way into or through something as a pointed instrument does; -- used literally and figuratively.
Found on page(s): [6]

incense - incense, Definition(s): v. t.: To set on fire; to inflame; to kindle; to burn.; v. t.: To inflame with anger; to endkindle; to fire; to incite; to provoke; to heat; to madden.; n.: To offer incense to. See Incense.; n.: To perfume with or as with incense.; n.: The perfume or odors exhaled from spices and gums when burned in celebrating religious rites or as an offering to some deity.; n.: The materials used for the purpose of producing a perfume when burned as fragrant gums spices frankincense etc.; n.: Also used figuratively.
Found on page(s): [53]

silk - silk, Definition(s): n.: The fine soft thread produced by various species of caterpillars in forming the cocoons within which the worm is inclosed during the pupa state especially that produced by the larvae of Bombyx mori.; n.: Hence thread spun or cloth woven from the above-named material.; n.: That which resembles silk as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize.
Found on page(s): [29]

silent - silent, Definition(s): a.: Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.; a.: Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative.; a.: Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as the wind is silent.; a.: Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent; as e is silent in fable.; a.: Having no effect; not operating; inefficient.; n.: That which is silent; a time of silence.
Found on page(s): [13, 38]

sensual - sensual, Definition(s): a.: Pertaining to consisting in or affecting the sense or bodily organs of perception; relating to or concerning the body in distinction from the spirit.; a.: Hence not spiritual or intellectual; carnal; fleshly; pertaining to or consisting in the gratification of the senses or the indulgence of appetites; wordly.; a.: Devoted to the pleasures of sense and appetite; luxurious; voluptuous; lewd; libidinous.; a.: Pertaining or peculiar to the philosophical doctrine of sensualism.
Found on page(s): [40]

patriarch - patriarch, Definition(s): n.: The father and ruler of a family; one who governs his family or descendants by paternal right; -- usually applied to heads of families in ancient history especially in Biblical and Jewish history to those who lived before the time of Moses.; n.: A dignitary superior to the order of archbishops; as the patriarch of Constantinople of Alexandria or of Antioch.; n.: A venerable old man; an elder. Also used figuratively.
Found on page(s): [42]

righteous - righteous, Definition(s): a.: Doing or according with that which is right; yielding to all their due; just; equitable; especially free from wrong guilt or sin; holy; as a righteous man or act; a righteous retribution.
Found on page(s): [25, 54]

stormy - stormy, Definition(s): superl.: Characterized by or proceeding from a storm; subject to storms; agitated with furious winds; biosterous; tempestous; as a stormy season; a stormy day or week.; superl.: Proceeding from violent agitation or fury; as a stormy sound; stormy shocks.; superl.: Violent; passionate; rough; as stormy passions.
Found on page(s): [30]

necessary - necessary, Definition(s): a.: Such as must be; impossible to be otherwise; not to be avoided; inevitable.; a.: Impossible to be otherwise or to be dispensed with without preventing the attainment of a desired result; indispensable; requiste; essential.; a.: Acting from necessity or compulsion; involuntary; -- opposed to free; as whether man is a necessary or a free agent is a question much discussed.; n.: A thing that is necessary or indispensable to some purpose; something that one can not do without; a requisite; an essential; -- used chiefly in the plural; as the necessaries of life.; n.: A privy; a water-closet.; n.: Such things in respect to infants lunatics and married women as are requisite for support suitable to station.
Found on page(s): [49]

lighter - lighter, Definition(s): n.: One who or that which lights; as a lighter of lamps.; n.: A large boat or barge mainly used in unloading or loading vessels which can not reach the wharves at the place of shipment or delivery.; v. t.: To convey by a lighter as to or from the shore; as to lighter the cargo of a ship.
Found on page(s): [3]

maker - maker, Definition(s): n.: One who makes forms or molds; a manufacturer; specifically the Creator.; n.: The person who makes a promissory note.; n.: One who writes verses; a poet.
Found on page(s): [24, 25, 35]

amid - amid, Definition(s): prep.: See Amidst.; prep.: In the midst or middle of; surrounded or encompassed by; among.
Found on page(s): [24, 47]

heed - heed, Definition(s): v. t.: To mind; to regard with care; to take notice of; to attend to; to observe.; v. i.: To mind; to consider.; n.: Attention; notice; observation; regard; -- often with give or take.; n.: Careful consideration; obedient regard.; n.: A look or expression of heading.
Found on page(s): [43, 54]

flower - flower, Definition(s): n.: In the popular sense the bloom or blossom of a plant; the showy portion usually of a different color shape and texture from the foliage.; n.: That part of a plant destined to produce seed and hence including one or both of the sexual organs; an organ or combination of the organs of reproduction whether inclosed by a circle of foliar parts or not. A complete flower consists of two essential parts the stamens and the pistil and two floral envelopes the corolla and callyx. In mosses the flowers consist of a few special leaves surrounding or subtending organs called archegonia. See Blossom and Corolla.; n.: The fairest freshest and choicest part of anything; as the flower of an army or of a family; the state or time of freshness and bloom; as the flower of life that is youth.; n.: Grain pulverized; meal; flour.; n.: A substance in the form of a powder especially when condensed from sublimation; as the flowers of sulphur.; n.: A figure of speech; an ornament of style.; n.: Ornamental type used chiefly for borders around pages cards etc.; n.: Menstrual discharges.; v. i.: To blossom; to bloom; to expand the petals as a plant; to produce flowers; as this plant flowers in June.; v. i.: To come into the finest or fairest condition.; v. i.: To froth; to ferment gently as new beer.; v. i.: To come off as flowers by sublimation.; v. t.: To embellish with flowers; to adorn with imitated flowers; as flowered silk.
Found on page(s): [35]

hill - hill, Definition(s): n.: A natural elevation of land or a mass of earth rising above the common level of the surrounding land; an eminence less than a mountain.; n.: The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill v. t.; v. t.: A single cluster or group of plants growing close together and having the earth heaped up about them; as a hill of corn or potatoes.; v. t.: To surround with earth; to heap or draw earth around or upon; as to hill corn.
Found on page(s): [21, 33, 41]

th - th, Definition(s): : In Old English the article the when the following word began with a vowel was often written with elision as if a part of the word. Thus in Chaucer the forms thabsence tharray thegle thend thingot etc. are found for the absence the array the eagle the end etc.
Found on page(s): [15, 17, 20, 21, 26, 30, 31, 34, 36, 37, 43, 44, 47, 48]

unconditional - unconditional, Definition(s): a.: Not conditional limited or conditioned; made without condition; absolute; unreserved; as an unconditional surrender.
Found on page(s): [27]

sect - sect, Definition(s): n.: A cutting; a scion.; n.: Those following a particular leader or authority or attached to a certain opinion; a company or set having a common belief or allegiance distinct from others; in religion the believers in a particular creed or upholders of a particular practice; especially in modern times a party dissenting from an established church; a denomination; in philosophy the disciples of a particular master; a school; in society and the state an order rank class or party.
Found on page(s): [11]

mortality - mortality, Definition(s): n.: The condition or quality of being mortal; subjection to death or to the necessity of dying.; n.: Human life; the life of a mortal being.; n.: Those who are or that which is mortal; the human cace; humanity; human nature.; n.: Death; destruction.; n.: The whole sum or number of deaths in a given time or a given community; also the proportion of deaths to population or to a specific number of the population; death rate; as a time of great or low mortality; the mortality among the settlers was alarming.
Found on page(s): [51]

sile - sile, Definition(s): v. t.: To strain as fresh milk.; v. i.: To drop; to flow; to fall.; n.: A sieve with fine meshes.; n.: Filth; sediment.; n.: A young or small herring.
Found on page(s): [33]

vast - vast, Definition(s): superl.: Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.; superl.: Of great extent; very spacious or large; also huge in bulk; immense; enormous; as the vast ocean; vast mountains; the vast empire of Russia.; superl.: Very great in numbers quantity or amount; as a vast army; a vast sum of money.; superl.: Very great in importance; as a subject of vast concern.; n.: A waste region; boundless space; immensity.
Found on page(s): [4, 26]

fourth - fourth, Definition(s): a.: Next in order after the third; the ordinal of four.; a.: Forming one of four equal parts into which anything may be divided.; n.: One of four equal parts into which one whole may be divided; the quotient of a unit divided by four; one coming next in order after the third.; n.: The interval of two tones and a semitone embracing four diatonic degrees of the scale; the subdominant of any key.
Found on page(s): [31, 37]

laughing - laughing, Definition(s): a. & n.: from Laugh v. i.
Found on page(s): [37]

declare - declare, Definition(s): v. t.: To make clear; to free from obscurity.; v. t.: To make known by language; to communicate or manifest explicitly and plainly in any way; to exhibit; to publish; to proclaim; to announce.; v. t.: To make declaration of; to assert; to affirm; to set forth; to avow; as he declares the story to be false.; v. t.: To make full statement of as goods etc. for the purpose of paying taxes duties etc.; v. i.: To make a declaration or an open and explicit avowal; to proclaim one's self; -- often with for or against; as victory declares against the allies.; v. i.: To state the plaintiff's cause of action at law in a legal form; as the plaintiff declares in trespass.
Found on page(s): [6, 14, 35]

separate - separate, Definition(s): v. t.: To disunite; to divide; to disconnect; to sever; to part in any manner.; v. t.: To come between; to keep apart by occupying the space between; to lie between; as the Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Africa.; v. t.: To set apart; to select from among others as for a special use or service.; v. i.: To part; to become disunited; to be disconnected; to withdraw from one another; as the family separated.; p. a.: Divided from another or others; disjoined; disconnected; separated; -- said of things once connected.; p. a.: Unconnected; not united or associated; distinct; -- said of things that have not been connected.; p. a.: Disunited from the body; disembodied; as a separate spirit; the separate state of souls.
Found on page(s): [8]

excellence - excellence, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being excellent; state of possessing good qualities in an eminent degree; exalted merit; superiority in virtue.; n.: An excellent or valuable quality; that by which any one excels or is eminent; a virtue.; n.: A title of honor or respect; -- more common in the form excellency.
Found on page(s): [32, 46]

jove - jove, Definition(s): n.: The chief divinity of the ancient Romans; Jupiter.; n.: The planet Jupiter.; n.: The metal tin.
Found on page(s): [14, 20]

indolence - indolence, Definition(s): n.: Freedom from that which pains or harasses as toil care grief etc.; n.: The quality or condition of being indolent; inaction or want of exertion of body or mind proceeding from love of ease or aversion to toil; habitual idleness; indisposition to labor; laziness; sloth; inactivity.
Found on page(s): [40]

express - express, Definition(s): a.: Exactly representing; exact.; a.: Directly and distinctly stated; declared in terms; not implied or left to inference; made unambiguous by intention and care; clear; not dubious; as express consent; an express statement.; a.: Intended for a particular purpose; relating to an express; sent on a particular errand; dispatched with special speed; as an express messenger or train. Also used adverbially.; n.: A clear image or representation; an expression; a plain declaration.; n.: A messenger sent on a special errand; a courier; hence a regular and fast conveyance; commonly a company or system for the prompt and safe transportation of merchandise or parcels; also a railway train for transporting passengers or goods with speed and punctuality.; n.: An express office.; n.: That which is sent by an express messenger or message.; a.: To press or squeeze out; as to express the juice of grapes or of apples; hence to extort; to elicit.; a.: To make or offer a representation of; to show by a copy or likeness; to represent; to resemble.; a.: To give a true impression of; to represent and make known; to manifest plainly; to show in general; to exhibit as an opinion or feeling by a look gesture and esp. by language; to declare; to utter; to tell.; a.: To make known the opinions or feelings of; to declare what is in the mind of; to show (one's self); to cause to appear; -- used reflexively.; a.: To denote; to designate.; a.: To send by express messenger; to forward by special opportunity or through the medium of an express; as to express a package.
Found on page(s): [52]

sprang - sprang, Definition(s): : imp. of Spring.
Found on page(s): [33]

extreme - extreme, Definition(s): a.: At the utmost point edge or border; outermost; utmost; farthest; most remote; at the widest limit.; a.: Last; final; conclusive; -- said of time; as the extreme hour of life.; a.: The best of worst; most urgent; greatest; highest; immoderate; excessive; most violent; as an extreme case; extreme folly.; a.: Radical; ultra; as extreme opinions.; a.: Extended or contracted as much as possible; -- said of intervals; as an extreme sharp second; an extreme flat forth.; n.: The utmost point or verge; that part which terminates a body; extremity.; n.: Utmost limit or degree that is supposable or tolerable; hence furthest degree; any undue departure from the mean; -- often in the plural: things at an extreme distance from each other the most widely different states etc.; as extremes of heat and cold of virtue and vice; extremes meet.; n.: An extreme state or condition; hence calamity danger distress etc.; n.: Either of the extreme terms of a syllogism the middle term being interposed between them.; n.: The first or the last term of a proportion or series.
Found on page(s): [20]

untold - untold, Definition(s): a.: Not told; not related; not revealed; as untold secrets.; a.: Not numbered or counted; as untold money.
Found on page(s): [8, 34, 53]

transhuman - transhuman, Definition(s): a.: More than human; superhuman.
Found on page(s): [3]

thin - thin, Definition(s): superl.: Having little thickness or extent from one surface to its opposite; as a thin plate of metal; thin paper; a thin board; a thin covering.; superl.: Rare; not dense or thick; -- applied to fluids or soft mixtures; as thin blood; thin broth; thin air.; superl.: Not close; not crowded; not filling the space; not having the individuals of which the thing is composed in a close or compact state; hence not abundant; as the trees of a forest are thin; the corn or grass is thin.; superl.: Not full or well grown; wanting in plumpness.; superl.: Not stout; slim; slender; lean; gaunt; as a person becomes thin by disease.; superl.: Wanting in body or volume; small; feeble; not full.; superl.: Slight; small; slender; flimsy; wanting substance or depth or force; superficial; inadequate; not sufficient for a covering; as a thin disguise.; adv.: Not thickly or closely; in a seattered state; as seed sown thin.; v. t.: To make thin (in any of the senses of the adjective).; v. i.: To grow or become thin; -- used with some adverbs as out away etc.; as geological strata thin out i. e. gradually diminish in thickness until they disappear.
Found on page(s): [43, 44]

bending - bending, Definition(s): n.: The marking of the clothes with stripes or horizontal bands.
Found on page(s): [36, 43]

brake - brake, Definition(s): : imp. of Break.; n.: A fern of the genus Pteris esp. the P. aquilina common in almost all countries. It has solitary stems dividing into three principal branches. Less properly: Any fern.; n.: A thicket; a place overgrown with shrubs and brambles with undergrowth and ferns or with canes.; v. t.: An instrument or machine to break or bruise the woody part of flax or hemp so that it may be separated from the fiber.; v. t.: An extended handle by means of which a number of men can unite in working a pump as in a fire engine.; v. t.: A baker's kneading though.; v. t.: A sharp bit or snaffle.; v. t.: A frame for confining a refractory horse while the smith is shoeing him; also an inclosure to restrain cattle horses etc.; v. t.: That part of a carriage as of a movable battery or engine which enables it to turn.; v. t.: An ancient engine of war analogous to the crossbow and ballista.; v. t.: A large heavy harrow for breaking clods after plowing; a drag.; v. t.: A piece of mechanism for retarding or stopping motion by friction as of a carriage or railway car by the pressure of rubbers against the wheels or of clogs or ratchets against the track or roadway or of a pivoted lever against a wheel or drum in a machine.; v. t.: An apparatus for testing the power of a steam engine or other motor by weighing the amount of friction that the motor will overcome; a friction brake.; v. t.: A cart or carriage without a body used in breaking in horses.; v. t.: An ancient instrument of torture.; : of Break.
Found on page(s): [37, 47]

recess - recess, Definition(s): n.: A withdrawing or retiring; a moving back; retreat; as the recess of the tides.; n.: The state of being withdrawn; seclusion; privacy.; n.: Remission or suspension of business or procedure; intermission as of a legislative body court or school.; n.: Part of a room formed by the receding of the wall as an alcove niche etc.; n.: A place of retirement retreat secrecy or seclusion.; n.: Secret or abstruse part; as the difficulties and recesses of science.; n.: A sinus.; v. t.: To make a recess in; as to recess a wall.; n.: A decree of the imperial diet of the old German empire.
Found on page(s): [33]

ocean - ocean, Definition(s): n.: The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; -- called also the sea or great sea.; n.: One of the large bodies of water into which the great ocean is regarded as divided as the Atlantic Pacific Indian Arctic and Antarctic oceans.; n.: An immense expanse; any vast space or quantity without apparent limits; as the boundless ocean of eternity; an ocean of affairs.; a.: Of or pertaining to the main or great sea; as the ocean waves; an ocean stream.
Found on page(s): [3, 11]

obscure - obscure, Definition(s): superl.: Covered over shaded or darkened; destitute of light; imperfectly illuminated; dusky; dim.; superl.: Of or pertaining to darkness or night; inconspicuous to the sight; indistinctly seen; hidden; retired; remote from observation; unnoticed.; superl.: Not noticeable; humble; mean.; superl.: Not easily understood; not clear or legible; abstruse or blind; as an obscure passage or inscription.; superl.: Not clear full or distinct; clouded; imperfect; as an obscure view of remote objects.; a.: To render obscure; to darken; to make dim; to keep in the dark; to hide; to make less visible intelligible legible glorious beautiful or illustrious.; v. i.: To conceal one's self; to hide; to keep dark.; n.: Obscurity.
Found on page(s): [41]

failure - failure, Definition(s): n.: Cessation of supply or total defect; a failing; deficiency; as failure of rain; failure of crops.; n.: Omission; nonperformance; as the failure to keep a promise.; n.: Want of success; the state of having failed.; n.: Decay or defect from decay; deterioration; as the failure of memory or of sight.; n.: A becoming insolvent; bankruptcy; suspension of payment; as failure in business.; n.: A failing; a slight fault.
Found on page(s): [9, 16]

solve - solve, Definition(s): v. t.: To explain; to resolve; to unfold; to clear up (what is obscure or difficult to be understood); to work out to a result or conclusion; as to solve a doubt; to solve difficulties; to solve a problem.; n.: A solution; an explanation.
Found on page(s): [15]

quake - quake, Definition(s): v. i.: To be agitated with quick short motions continually repeated; to shake with fear cold etc.; to shudder; to tremble.; v. i.: To shake vibrate or quiver either from not being solid as soft wet land or from violent convulsion of any kind; as the earth quakes; the mountains quake.; v. t.: To cause to quake.; n.: A tremulous agitation; a quick vibratory movement; a shudder; a quivering.
Found on page(s): [25]

avouch - avouch, Definition(s): v. t.: To appeal to; to cite or claim as authority.; v. t.: To maintain a just or true; to vouch for.; v. t.: To declare or assert positively and as matter of fact; to affirm openly.; v. t.: To acknowledge deliberately; to admit; to confess; to sanction.; n.: Evidence; declaration.
Found on page(s): [33]

sing - sing, Definition(s): v. i.: To utter sounds with musical inflections or melodious modulations of voice as fancy may dictate or according to the notes of a song or tune or of a given part (as alto tenor etc.) in a chorus or concerted piece.; v. i.: To utter sweet melodious sounds as birds do.; v. i.: To make a small shrill sound; as the air sings in passing through a crevice.; v. i.: To tell or relate something in numbers or verse; to celebrate something in poetry.; v. i.: Ti cry out; to complain.; v. t.: To utter with musical infections or modulations of voice.; v. t.: To celebrate is song; to give praises to in verse; to relate or rehearse in numbers verse or poetry.; v. t.: To influence by singing; to lull by singing; as to sing a child to sleep.; v. t.: To accompany or attend on with singing.
Found on page(s): [29, 34]

sorrowful - sorrowful, Definition(s): a.: Full of sorrow; exhibiting sorrow; sad; dejected; distressed.; a.: Producing sorrow; exciting grief; mournful; lamentable; grievous; as a sorrowful accident.
Found on page(s): [35]

impassible - impassible, Definition(s): a.: Incapable of suffering; inaccessible to harm or pain; not to be touched or moved to passion or sympathy; unfeeling or not showing feeling; without sensation.
Found on page(s): [27]

idea - idea, Definition(s): n.: The transcript image or picture of a visible object that is formed by the mind; also a similar image of any object whatever whether sensible or spiritual.; n.: A general notion or a conception formed by generalization.; n.: Hence: Any object apprehended conceived or thought of by the mind; a notion conception or thought; the real object that is conceived or thought of.; n.: A belief option or doctrine; a characteristic or controlling principle; as an essential idea; the idea of development.; n.: A plan or purpose of action; intention; design.; n.: A rational conception; the complete conception of an object when thought of in all its essential elements or constituents; the necessary metaphysical or constituent attributes and relations when conceived in the abstract.; n.: A fiction object or picture created by the imagination; the same when proposed as a pattern to be copied or a standard to be reached; one of the archetypes or patterns of created things conceived by the Platonists to have excited objectively from eternity in the mind of the Deity.
Found on page(s): [48]

yoke - yoke, Definition(s): n.: A bar or frame of wood by which two oxen are joined at the heads or necks for working together.; n.: A frame or piece resembling a yoke as in use or shape.; n.: A frame of wood fitted to a person's shoulders for carrying pails etc. suspended on each side; as a milkmaid's yoke.; n.: A frame worn on the neck of an animal as a cow a pig a goose to prevent passage through a fence.; n.: A frame or convex piece by which a bell is hung for ringing it. See Illust. of Bell.; n.: A crosspiece upon the head of a boat's rudder. To its ends lines are attached which lead forward so that the boat can be steered from amidships.; n.: A bent crosspiece connecting two other parts.; n.: A tie securing two timbers together not used for part of a regular truss but serving a temporary purpose as to provide against unusual strain.; n.: A band shaped to fit the shoulders or the hips and joined to the upper full edge of the waist or the skirt.; n.: Fig.: That which connects or binds; a chain; a link; a bond connection.; n.: A mark of servitude; hence servitude; slavery; bondage; service.; n.: Two animals yoked together; a couple; a pair that work together.; n.: The quantity of land plowed in a day by a yoke of oxen.; n.: A portion of the working day; as to work two yokes that is to work both portions of the day or morning and afternoon.; v. t.: To put a yoke on; to join in or with a yoke; as to yoke oxen or pair of oxen.; v. t.: To couple; to join with another.; v. t.: To enslave; to bring into bondage; to restrain; to confine.; v. i.: To be joined or associated; to be intimately connected; to consort closely; to mate.
Found on page(s): [41]

cold - cold, Definition(s): n.: Deprived of heat or having a low temperature; not warm or hot; gelid; frigid.; n.: Lacking the sensation of warmth; suffering from the absence of heat; chilly; shivering; as to be cold.; n.: Not pungent or acrid.; n.: Wanting in ardor intensity warmth zeal or passion; spiritless; unconcerned; reserved.; n.: Unwelcome; disagreeable; unsatisfactory.; n.: Wanting in power to excite; dull; uninteresting.; n.: Affecting the sense of smell (as of hunting dogs) but feebly; having lost its odor; as a cold scent.; n.: Not sensitive; not acute.; n.: Distant; -- said in the game of hunting for some object of a seeker remote from the thing concealed.; n.: Having a bluish effect. Cf. Warm 8.; n.: The relative absence of heat or warmth.; n.: The sensation produced by the escape of heat; chilliness or chillness.; n.: A morbid state of the animal system produced by exposure to cold or dampness; a catarrh.; v. i.: To become cold.
Found on page(s): [7, 28, 41]

throng - throng, Definition(s): n.: A multitude of persons or of living beings pressing or pressed into a close body or assemblage; a crowd.; n.: A great multitude; as the heavenly throng.; v. i.: To crowd together; to press together into a close body as a multitude of persons; to gather or move in multitudes.; v. t.: To crowd or press as persons; to oppress or annoy with a crowd of living beings.; v. t.: To crowd into; to fill closely by crowding or pressing into as a hall or a street.; a.: Thronged; crowded; also much occupied; busy.
Found on page(s): [46, 55]

hearken - hearken, Definition(s): v. i.: To listen; to lend the ear; to attend to what is uttered; to give heed; to hear in order to obey or comply.; v. i.: To inquire; to seek information.; v. t.: To hear by listening.; v. t.: To give heed to; to hear attentively.
Found on page(s): [54]

pure - pure, Definition(s): superl.: Separate from all heterogeneous or extraneous matter; free from mixture or combination; clean; mere; simple; unmixed; as pure water; pure clay; pure air; pure compassion.; superl.: Free from moral defilement or quilt; hence innocent; guileless; chaste; -- applied to persons.; superl.: Free from that which harms vitiates weakens or pollutes; genuine; real; perfect; -- applied to things and actions.; superl.: Ritually clean; fitted for holy services.; superl.: Of a single simple sound or tone; -- said of some vowels and the unaspirated consonants.
Found on page(s): [11, 15, 25, 27, 54]

gan - gan, Definition(s): v.: Began; commenced.
Found on page(s): [41]

destitute - destitute, Definition(s): a.: Forsaken; not having in possession (something necessary or desirable); deficient; lacking; devoid; -- often followed by of.; a.: Not possessing the necessaries of life; in a condition of want; needy; without possessions or resources; very poor.; v. t.: To leave destitute; to forsake; to abandon.; v. t.: To make destitute; to cause to be in want; to deprive; -- followed by of.; v. t.: To disappoint.
Found on page(s): [43]

throughout - throughout, Definition(s): prep.: Quite through; from one extremity to the other of; also every part of; as to search throughout the house.; adv.: In every part; as the cloth was of a piece throughout.
Found on page(s): [7, 8, 11, 22]

virtue - virtue, Definition(s): n.: Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.; n.: Active quality or power; capacity or power adequate to the production of a given effect; energy; strength; potency; efficacy; as the virtue of a medicine.; n.: Energy or influence operating without contact of the material or sensible substance.; n.: Excellence; value; merit; meritoriousness; worth.; n.: Specifically moral excellence; integrity of character; purity of soul; performance of duty.; n.: A particular moral excellence; as the virtue of temperance of charity etc.; n.: Specifically: Chastity; purity; especially the chastity of women; virginity.; n.: One of the orders of the celestial hierarchy.
Found on page(s): [6, 8, 11, 16, 19, 27, 30, 35, 36, 44, 48, 51]

mortal - mortal, Definition(s): a.: Subject to death; destined to die; as man is mortal.; a.: Destructive to life; causing or occasioning death; terminating life; exposing to or deserving death; deadly; as a mortal wound; a mortal sin.; a.: Fatally vulnerable; vital.; a.: Of or pertaining to the time of death.; a.: Affecting as if with power to kill; deathly.; a.: Human; belonging to man who is mortal; as mortal wit or knowledge; mortal power.; a.: Very painful or tedious; wearisome; as a sermon lasting two mortal hours.; n.: A being subject to death; a human being; man.
Found on page(s): [2, 4, 6, 19, 22, 23, 27, 31, 39, 48]

orb - orb, Definition(s): n.: A blank window or panel.; n.: A spherical body; a globe; especially one of the celestial spheres; a sun planet or star.; n.: One of the azure transparent spheres conceived by the ancients to be inclosed one within another and to carry the heavenly bodies in their revolutions.; n.: A circle; esp. a circle or nearly circular orbit described by the revolution of a heavenly body; an orbit.; n.: A period of time marked off by the revolution of a heavenly body.; n.: The eye as luminous and spherical.; n.: A revolving circular body; a wheel.; n.: A sphere of action.; n.: Same as Mound a ball or globe. See lst Mound.; n.: A body of soldiers drawn up in a circle as for defense esp. infantry to repel cavalry.; v. t.: To form into an orb or circle.; v. t.: To encircle; to surround; to inclose.; v. i.: To become round like an orb.
Found on page(s): [12, 19, 24, 28, 29, 51]

lovely - lovely, Definition(s): superl.: Having such an appearance as excites or is fitted to excite love; beautiful; charming; very pleasing in form looks tone or manner.; superl.: Lovable; amiable; having qualities of any kind which excite or are fitted to excite love or friendship.; superl.: Loving; tender.; superl.: Very pleasing; -- applied loosely to almost anything which is not grand or merely pretty; as a lovely view; a lovely valley; a lovely melody.; adv.: In a manner to please or to excite love.
Found on page(s): [52]

discernment - discernment, Definition(s): n.: The act of discerning.; n.: The power or faculty of the mind by which it distinguishes one thing from another; power of viewing differences in objects and their relations and tendencies; penetrative and discriminate mental vision; acuteness; sagacity; insight; as the errors of youth often proceed from the want of discernment.
Found on page(s): [39]

choir - choir, Definition(s): n.: A band or organized company of singers especially in church service.; n.: That part of a church appropriated to the singers.; n.: The chancel.
Found on page(s): [52]

ones - ones, Definition(s): adv.: Once.
Found on page(s): [42, 46]

compensation - compensation, Definition(s): n.: The act or principle of compensating.; n.: That which constitutes or is regarded as an equivalent; that which makes good the lack or variation of something else; that which compensates for loss or privation; amends; remuneration; recompense.; n.: The extinction of debts of which two persons are reciprocally debtors by the credits of which they are reciprocally creditors; the payment of a debt by a credit of equal amount; a set-off.; n.: A recompense or reward for some loss or service.; n.: An equivalent stipulated for in contracts for the sale of real estate in which it is customary to provide that errors in description etc. shall not avoid but shall be the subject of compensation.
Found on page(s): [17]

dame - dame, Definition(s): n.: A mistress of a family who is a lady; a woman in authority; especially a lady.; n.: The mistress of a family in common life or the mistress of a common school; as a dame's school.; n.: A woman in general esp. an elderly woman.; n.: A mother; -- applied to human beings and quadrupeds.
Found on page(s): [19, 38, 41, 44, 50, 55]

passing - passing, Definition(s): n.: The act of one who or that which passes; the act of going by or away.; a.: Relating to the act of passing or going; going by beyond through or away; departing.; a.: Exceeding; surpassing eminent.; adv.: Exceedingly; excessively; surpassingly; as passing fair; passing strange.
Found on page(s): [52]

nightfall - nightfall, Definition(s): n.: The close of the day.
Found on page(s): [54]

held - held, Definition(s): : imp. & p. p. of Hold.
Found on page(s): [9, 13, 15, 20, 24, 37, 53]

reach - reach, Definition(s): v. i.: To retch.; n.: An effort to vomit.; v. t.: To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth as a limb a member something held or the like.; v. t.: Hence to deliver by stretching out a member especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as to reach one a book.; v. t.: To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body or something held by one so as to touch strike grasp or the like; as to reach an object with the hand or with a spear.; v. t.: To strike hit or touch with a missile; as to reach an object with an arrow a bullet or a shell.; v. t.: Hence to extend an action effort or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce or cut as far as.; v. t.: To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent; as his land reaches the river.; v. t.: To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as.; v. t.: To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to.; v. t.: To understand; to comprehend.; v. t.: To overreach; to deceive.; v. i.: To stretch out the hand.; v. i.: To strain after something; to make efforts.; v. i.: To extend in dimension time amount action influence etc. so as to touch attain to or be equal to something.; v. i.: To sail on the wind as from one point of tacking to another or with the wind nearly abeam.; n.: The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person or a limb or something held or thrown; as the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot.; n.: The power of stretching out or extending action influence or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.; n.: Extent; stretch; expanse; hence application; influence; result; scope.; n.: An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river as from one turn to another; a level stretch as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land.; n.: An artifice to obtain an advantage.; n.: The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
Found on page(s): [16]

humility - humility, Definition(s): n.: The state or quality of being humble; freedom from pride and arrogance; lowliness of mind; a modest estimate of one's own worth; a sense of one's own unworthiness through imperfection and sinfulness; self-abasement; humbleness.; n.: An act of submission or courtesy.
Found on page(s): [26]

potent - potent, Definition(s): a.: Producing great physical effects; forcible; powerful' efficacious; as a potent medicine.; a.: Having great authority control or dominion; puissant; mighty; influential; as a potent prince.; a.: Powerful in an intellectual or moral sense; having great influence; as potent interest; a potent argument.; n.: A prince; a potentate.; n.: A staff or crutch.; n.: One of the furs; a surface composed of patches which are supposed to represent crutch heads; they are always alternately argent and azure unless otherwise specially mentioned.
Found on page(s): [28]

childish - childish, Definition(s): a.: Of pertaining to befitting or resembling a child.; a.: Puerile; trifling; weak.
Found on page(s): [9]

ye - ye, Definition(s): : Alt.; : an old method of printing the article the (AS. /e) the y being used in place of the Anglo-Saxon thorn (/). It is sometimes incorrectly pronounced ye. See The and Thorn n. 4.; n.: An eye.; pron.: The plural of the pronoun of the second person in the nominative case.; adv.: Yea; yes.
Found on page(s): [5, 10, 13, 18, 23, 26, 29, 32, 33, 48, 51]

hell - hell, Definition(s): v. t.: The place of the dead or of souls after death; the grave; -- called in Hebrew sheol and by the Greeks hades.; v. t.: The place or state of punishment for the wicked after death; the abode of evil spirits. Hence any mental torment; anguish.; v. t.: A dungeon or prison; also in certain running games a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention.; v. t.: A gambling house.; v. t.: A place into which a tailor throws his shreds or a printer his broken type.; v. t.: To overwhelm.
Found on page(s): [1, 22]

beyond - beyond, Definition(s): prep.: On the further side of; in the same direction as and further on or away than.; prep.: At a place or time not yet reached; before.; prep.: Past out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength.; prep.: In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above as in dignity excellence or quality of any kind.; adv.: Further away; at a distance; yonder.
Found on page(s): [2, 11, 16, 29, 44, 51, 55]

pupil - pupil, Definition(s): n.: The aperture in the iris; the sight apple or black of the eye. See the Note under Eye and Iris.; n.: A youth or scholar of either sex under the care of an instructor or tutor.; n.: A person under a guardian; a ward.; n.: A boy or a girl under the age of puberty that is under fourteen if a male and under twelve if a female.
Found on page(s): [8]

forthwith - forthwith, Definition(s): adv.: Immediately; without delay; directly.; adv.: As soon as the thing required may be done by reasonable exertion confined to that object.
Found on page(s): [19, 29, 30, 34, 39, 52, 55]

scant - scant, Definition(s): superl.: Not full large or plentiful; scarcely sufficient; less than is wanted for the purpose; scanty; meager; not enough; as a scant allowance of provisions or water; a scant pattern of cloth for a garment.; superl.: Sparing; parsimonious; chary.; v. t.: To limit; to straiten; to treat illiberally; to stint; as to scant one in provisions; to scant ourselves in the use of necessaries.; v. t.: To cut short; to make small narrow or scanty; to curtail.; v. i.: To fail or become less; to scantle; as the wind scants.; adv.: In a scant manner; with difficulty; scarcely; hardly.; n.: Scantness; scarcity.
Found on page(s): [27]

parnassus - parnassus, Definition(s): n.: A mountain in Greece sacred to Apollo and the Muses and famous for a temple of Apollo and for the Castalian spring.
Found on page(s): [1]

sight - sight, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of seeing; perception of objects by the eye; view; as to gain sight of land.; v. t.: The power of seeing; the faculty of vision or of perceiving objects by the instrumentality of the eyes.; v. t.: The state of admitting unobstructed vision; visibility; open view; region which the eye at one time surveys; space through which the power of vision extends; as an object within sight.; v. t.: A spectacle; a view; a show; something worth seeing.; v. t.: The instrument of seeing; the eye.; v. t.: Inspection; examination; as a letter intended for the sight of only one person.; v. t.: Mental view; opinion; judgment; as in their sight it was harmless.; v. t.: A small aperture through which objects are to be seen and by which their direction is settled or ascertained; as the sight of a quadrant.; v. t.: A small piece of metal fixed or movable on the breech muzzle center or trunnion of a gun or on the breech and the muzzle of a rifle pistol etc. by means of which the eye is guided in aiming.; v. t.: In a drawing picture etc. that part of the surface as of paper or canvas which is within the frame or the border or margin. In a frame or the like the open space the opening.; v. t.: A great number quantity or sum; as a sight of money.; v. t.: To get sight of; to see; as to sight land; to sight a wreck.; v. t.: To look at through a sight; to see accurately; as to sight an object as a star.; v. t.: To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of; also to give the proper elevation and direction to by means of a sight; as to sight a rifle or a cannon.; v. i.: To take aim by a sight.
Found on page(s): [5, 9, 12, 16, 24, 31, 34, 37, 39, 41, 51, 55]

wrath - wrath, Definition(s): a.: Violent anger; vehement exasperation; indignation; rage; fury; ire.; a.: The effects of anger or indignation; the just punishment of an offense or a crime.; a.: See Wroth.; v. t.: To anger; to enrage; -- also used impersonally.
Found on page(s): [22]

proof - proof, Definition(s): n.: Any effort process or operation designed to establish or discover a fact or truth; an act of testing; a test; a trial.; n.: That degree of evidence which convinces the mind of any truth or fact and produces belief; a test by facts or arguments that induce or tend to induce certainty of the judgment; conclusive evidence; demonstration.; n.: The quality or state of having been proved or tried; firmness or hardness that resists impression or does not yield to force; impenetrability of physical bodies.; n.: Firmness of mind; stability not to be shaken.; n.: A trial impression as from type taken for correction or examination; -- called also proof sheet.; n.: A process for testing the accuracy of an operation performed. Cf. Prove v. t. 5.; v. t.: Armor of excellent or tried quality and deemed impenetrable; properly armor of proof.; a.: Used in proving or testing; as a proof load or proof charge.; a.: Firm or successful in resisting; as proof against harm; waterproof; bombproof.; a.: Being of a certain standard as to strength; -- said of alcoholic liquors.
Found on page(s): [3, 6, 9, 28]

enshrine - enshrine, Definition(s): v. t.: To inclose in a shrine or chest; hence to preserve or cherish as something sacred; as to enshrine something in memory.
Found on page(s): [11]

roam - roam, Definition(s): v. i.: To go from place to place without any certain purpose or direction; to rove; to wander.; v. t.: To range or wander over.; n.: The act of roaming; a wandering; a ramble; as he began his roam o'er hill amd dale.
Found on page(s): [16, 36]

presence - presence, Definition(s): n.: The state of being present or of being within sight or call or at hand; -- opposed to absence.; n.: The place in which one is present; the part of space within one's ken call influence etc.; neighborhood without the intervention of anything that forbids intercourse.; n.: Specifically neighborhood to the person of one of superior of exalted rank; also presence chamber.; n.: The whole of the personal qualities of an individual; person; personality; especially the person of a superior as a sovereign.; n.: An assembly especially of person of rank or nobility; noble company.; n.: Port mien; air; personal appearence.
Found on page(s): [42]

laurel - laurel, Definition(s): n.: An evergreen shrub of the genus Laurus (L. nobilis) having aromatic leaves of a lanceolate shape with clusters of small yellowish white flowers in their axils; -- called also sweet bay.; n.: A crown of laurel; hence honor; distinction; fame; -- especially in the plural; as to win laurels.; n.: An English gold coin made in 1619 and so called because the king's head on it was crowned with laurel.
Found on page(s): [1]

inconclusive - inconclusive, Definition(s): a.: Not conclusive; leading to no conclusion; not closing or settling a point in debate or a doubtful question; as evidence is inconclusive when it does not exhibit the truth of a disputed case in such a manner as to satisfy the mind and put an end to debate or doubt.
Found on page(s): [39]

keener - keener, Definition(s): n.: A professional mourner who wails at a funeral.
Found on page(s): [3]

rightly - rightly, Definition(s): adv.: Straightly; directly; in front.; adv.: According to justice; according to the divine will or moral rectitude; uprightly; as duty rightly performed.; adv.: Properly; fitly; suitably; appropriately.; adv.: According to truth or fact; correctly; not erroneously; exactly.
Found on page(s): [4, 13, 41, 45]

conclude - conclude, Definition(s): v. t.: To shut up; to inclose.; v. t.: To include; to comprehend; to shut up together; to embrace.; v. t.: To reach as an end of reasoning; to infer as from premises; to close as an argument by inferring; -- sometimes followed by a dependent clause.; v. t.: To make a final determination or judgment concerning; to judge; to decide.; v. t.: To bring to an end; to close; to finish.; v. t.: To bring about as a result; to effect; to make; as to conclude a bargain.; v. t.: To shut off; to restrain; to limit; to estop; to bar; -- generally in the passive; as the defendant is concluded by his own plea; a judgment concludes the introduction of further evidence argument.; v. i.: To come to a termination; to make an end; to close; to end; to terminate.; v. i.: To form a final judgment; to reach a decision.
Found on page(s): [27]

susceptible - susceptible, Definition(s): a.: Capable of admitting anything additional or any change affection or influence; readily acted upon; as a body susceptible of color or of alteration.; a.: Capable of impression; having nice sensibility; impressible; tender; sensitive; as children are more susceptible than adults; a man of a susceptible heart.
Found on page(s): [52]

exist - exist, Definition(s): v. i.: To be as a fact and not as a mode; to have an actual or real being whether material or spiritual.; v. i.: To be manifest in any manner; to continue to be; as great evils existed in his reign.; v. i.: To live; to have life or the functions of vitality; as men can not exist water nor fishes on land.
Found on page(s): [13]

invocation - invocation, Definition(s): n.: The act or form of calling for the assistance or presence of some superior being; earnest and solemn entreaty; esp. prayer offered to a divine being.; n.: A call or summons; especially a judicial call demand or order; as the invocation of papers or evidence into court.
Found on page(s): [28]

assail - assail, Definition(s): v. t.: To attack with violence or in a vehement and hostile manner; to assault; to molest; as to assail a man with blows; to assail a city with artillery.; v. t.: To encounter or meet purposely with the view of mastering as an obstacle difficulty or the like.; v. t.: To attack morally or with a view to produce changes in the feelings character conduct existing usages institutions; to attack by words hostile influence etc.; as to assail one with appeals arguments abuse ridicule and the like.
Found on page(s): [23]

tranquillity - tranquillity, Definition(s): n.: The quality or state of being tranquil; calmness; composure.
Found on page(s): [11]

praying - praying, Definition(s): : a. & n. from Pray v.
Found on page(s): [54]

force - force, Definition(s): v. t.: To stuff; to lard; to farce.; n.: A waterfall; a cascade.; n.: Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially power to persuade or convince or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as the force of an appeal an argument a contract or a term.; n.: Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.; n.: Strength or power for war; hence a body of land or naval combatants with their appurtenances ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as the laboring force of a plantation.; n.: Strength or power exercised without law or contrary to law upon persons or things; violence.; n.: Validity; efficacy.; n.: Any action between two bodies which changes or tends to change their relative condition as to rest or motion; or more generally which changes or tends to change any physical relation between them whether mechanical thermal chemical electrical magnetic or of any other kind; as the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.; n.: To constrain to do or to forbear by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical moral or intellectual means; to coerce; as masters force slaves to labor.; n.: To compel as by strength of evidence; as to force conviction on the mind.; n.: To do violence to; to overpower or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.; n.: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically to capture by assault; to storm as a fortress.; n.: To impel drive wrest extort get etc. by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb as along away from into through out etc.; n.: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.; n.: To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence to strain; to urge to excessive unnatural or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.; n.: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.; n.: To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.; n.: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.; v. i.: To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.; v. i.: To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence to force of to make much account of; to regard.; v. i.: To be of force importance or weight; to matter.
Found on page(s): [4, 14, 15, 17, 40, 54]

sire - sire, Definition(s): n.: A lord master or other person in authority. See Sir.; n.: A tittle of respect formerly used in speaking to elders and superiors but now only in addressing a sovereign.; n.: A father; the head of a family; the husband.; n.: A creator; a maker; an author; an originator.; n.: The male parent of a beast; -- applied especially to horses; as the horse had a good sire.; v. t.: To beget; to procreate; -- used of beasts and especially of stallions.
Found on page(s): [1, 37, 48]

freight - freight, Definition(s): n.: That with which anything in fraught or laden for transportation; lading; cargo especially of a ship or a car on a railroad etc.; as a freight of cotton; a full freight.; n.: The sum paid by a party hiring a ship or part of a ship for the use of what is thus hired.; n.: The price paid a common carrier for the carriage of goods.; n.: Freight transportation or freight line.; a.: Employed in the transportation of freight; having to do with freight; as a freight car.; v. t.: To load with goods as a ship or vehicle of any kind for transporting them from one place to another; to furnish with freight; as to freight a ship; to freight a car.
Found on page(s): [30]

complacency - complacency, Definition(s): n.: Calm contentment; satisfaction; gratification.; n.: The cause of pleasure or joy.; n.: The manifestation of contentment or satisfaction; good nature; kindness; civility; affability.
Found on page(s): [37]

wear - wear, Definition(s): n.: Same as Weir.; v. t.: To cause to go about as a vessel by putting the helm up instead of alee as in tacking so that the vessel's bow is turned away from and her stern is presented to the wind and as she turns still farther her sails fill on the other side; to veer.; v. t.: To carry or bear upon the person; to bear upon one's self as an article of clothing decoration warfare bondage etc.; to have appendant to one's body; to have on; as to wear a coat; to wear a shackle.; v. t.: To have or exhibit an appearance of as an aspect or manner; to bear; as she wears a smile on her countenance.; v. t.: To use up by carrying or having upon one's self; hence to consume by use; to waste; to use up; as to wear clothes rapidly.; v. t.: To impair waste or diminish by continual attrition scraping percussion on the like; to consume gradually; to cause to lower or disappear; to spend.; v. t.: To cause or make by friction or wasting; as to wear a channel; to wear a hole.; v. t.: To form or shape by or as by attrition.; v. i.: To endure or suffer use; to last under employment; to bear the consequences of use as waste consumption or attrition; as a coat wears well or ill; -- hence sometimes applied to character qualifications etc.; as a man wears well as an acquaintance.; v. i.: To be wasted consumed or diminished by being used; to suffer injury loss or extinction by use or time; to decay or be spent gradually.; n.: The act of wearing or the state of being worn; consumption by use; diminution by friction; as the wear of a garment.; n.: The thing worn; style of dress; the fashion.; n.: A dam in a river to stop and raise the water for the purpose of conducting it to a mill forming a fish pond or the like.; n.: A fence of stakes brushwood or the like set in a stream tideway or inlet of the sea for taking fish.; n.: A long notch with a horizontal edge as in the top of a vertical plate or plank through which water flows -- used in measuring the quantity of flowing water.
Found on page(s): [11, 32]

perceptible - perceptible, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being perceived; cognizable; discernible; perceivable.
Found on page(s): [37]

dusky - dusky, Definition(s): a.: Partially dark or obscure; not luminous; dusk; as a dusky valley.; a.: Tending to blackness in color; partially black; dark-colored; not bright; as a dusky brown.; a.: Gloomy; sad; melancholy.; a.: Intellectually clouded.
Found on page(s): [55]

rode - rode, Definition(s): n.: Redness; complexion.; : imp. of Ride.; n.: See Rood the cross.
Found on page(s): [46]

derive - derive, Definition(s): v. t.: To turn the course of as water; to divert and distribute into subordinate channels; to diffuse; to communicate; to transmit; -- followed by to into on upon.; v. t.: To receive as from a source or origin; to obtain by descent or by transmission; to draw; to deduce; -- followed by from.; v. t.: To trace the origin descent or derivation of; to recognize transmission of; as he derives this word from the Anglo-Saxon.; v. t.: To obtain one substance from another by actual or theoretical substitution; as to derive an organic acid from its corresponding hydrocarbon.; v. i.: To flow; to have origin; to descend; to proceed; to be deduced.
Found on page(s): [7]

gem - gem, Definition(s): n.: A bud.; n.: A precious stone of any kind as the ruby emerald topaz sapphire beryl spinel etc. especially when cut and polished for ornament; a jewel.; n.: Anything of small size or expressed within brief limits which is regarded as a gem on account of its beauty or value as a small picture a verse of poetry a witty or wise saying.; v. t.: To put forth in the form of buds.; v. t.: To adorn with gems or precious stones.; v. t.: To embellish or adorn as with gems; as a foliage gemmed with dewdrops.
Found on page(s): [54]

weak - weak, Definition(s): v. i.: Wanting physical strength.; v. i.: Deficient in strength of body; feeble; infirm; sickly; debilitated; enfeebled; exhausted.; v. i.: Not able to sustain a great weight pressure or strain; as a weak timber; a weak rope.; v. i.: Not firmly united or adhesive; easily broken or separated into pieces; not compact; as a weak ship.; v. i.: Not stiff; pliant; frail; soft; as the weak stalk of a plant.; v. i.: Not able to resist external force or onset; easily subdued or overcome; as a weak barrier; as a weak fortress.; v. i.: Lacking force of utterance or sound; not sonorous; low; small; feeble; faint.; v. i.: Not thoroughly or abundantly impregnated with the usual or required ingredients or with stimulating and nourishing substances; of less than the usual strength; as weak tea broth or liquor; a weak decoction or solution; a weak dose of medicine.; v. i.: Lacking ability for an appropriate function or office; as weak eyes; a weak stomach; a weak magistrate; a weak regiment or army.; v. i.: Not possessing or manifesting intellectual logical moral or political strength vigor etc.; v. i.: Feeble of mind; wanting discernment; lacking vigor; spiritless; as a weak king or magistrate.; v. i.: Resulting from or indicating lack of judgment discernment or firmness; unwise; hence foolish.; v. i.: Not having full confidence or conviction; not decided or confirmed; vacillating; wavering.; v. i.: Not able to withstand temptation urgency persuasion etc.; easily impressed moved or overcome; accessible; vulnerable; as weak resolutions; weak virtue.; v. i.: Wanting in power to influence or bind; as weak ties; a weak sense of honor of duty.; v. i.: Not having power to convince; not supported by force of reason or truth; unsustained; as a weak argument or case.; v. i.: Wanting in point or vigor of expression; as a weak sentence; a weak style.; v. i.: Not prevalent or effective or not felt to be prevalent; not potent; feeble.; v. i.: Lacking in elements of political strength; not wielding or having authority or energy; deficient in the resources that are essential to a ruler or nation; as a weak monarch; a weak government or state.; v. i.: Tending towards lower prices; as a weak market.; v. i.: Pertaining to or designating a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) and past participle by adding to the present the suffix -ed -d or the variant form -t; as in the verbs abash abashed; abate abated; deny denied; feel felt. See Strong 19 (a).; v. i.: Pertaining to or designating a noun in Anglo-Saxon etc. the stem of which ends in -n. See Strong 19 (b).; a.: To make or become weak; to weaken.
Found on page(s): [3]

eminence - eminence, Definition(s): n.: That which is eminent or lofty; a high ground or place; a height.; n.: An elevated condition among men; a place or station above men in general either in rank office or celebrity; social or moral loftiness; high rank; distinction; preferment.; n.: A title of honor especially applied to a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.
Found on page(s): [33]

dart - dart, Definition(s): n.: A pointed missile weapon intended to be thrown by the hand; a short lance; a javelin; hence any sharp-pointed missile weapon as an arrow.; n.: Anything resembling a dart; anything that pierces or wounds like a dart.; n.: A spear set as a prize in running.; n.: A fish; the dace. See Dace.; v. t.: To throw with a sudden effort or thrust as a dart or other missile weapon; to hurl or launch.; v. t.: To throw suddenly or rapidly; to send forth; to emit; to shoot; as the sun darts forth his beams.; v. i.: To fly or pass swiftly as a dart.; v. i.: To start and run with velocity; to shoot rapidly along; as the deer darted from the thicket.
Found on page(s): [4, 5, 49]

impress - impress, Definition(s): v. t.: To press stamp or print something in or upon; to mark by pressure or as by pressure; to imprint (that which bears the impression).; v. t.: To produce by pressure as a mark stamp image etc.; to imprint (a mark or figure upon something).; v. t.: Fig.: To fix deeply in the mind; to present forcibly to the attention etc.; to imprint; to inculcate.; n.: To take by force for public service; as to impress sailors or money.; v. i.: To be impressed; to rest.; n.: The act of impressing or making.; n.: A mark made by pressure; an indentation; imprint; the image or figure of anything formed by pressure or as if by pressure; result produced by pressure or influence.; n.: Characteristic; mark of distinction; stamp.; n.: A device. See Impresa.; n.: The act of impressing or taking by force for the public service; compulsion to serve; also that which is impressed.
Found on page(s): [8, 48]

confess - confess, Definition(s): v. t.: To make acknowledgment or avowal in a matter pertaining to one's self; to acknowledge own or admit as a crime a fault a debt.; v. t.: To acknowledge faith in; to profess belief in.; v. t.: To admit as true; to assent to; to acknowledge as after a previous doubt denial or concealment.; v. t.: To make known or acknowledge as one's sins to a priest in order to receive absolution; -- sometimes followed by the reflexive pronoun.; v. t.: To hear or receive such confession; -- said of a priest.; v. t.: To disclose or reveal as an effect discloses its cause; to prove; to attest.; v. i.: To make confession; to disclose sins or faults or the state of the conscience.; v. i.: To acknowledge; to admit; to concede.
Found on page(s): [11]

seeing - seeing, Definition(s): conj. : but originally a present participle)) In view of the fact (that); considering; taking into account (that); insmuch as; since; because; -- followed by a dependent clause; as he did well seeing that he was so young.
Found on page(s): [50]

ghost - ghost, Definition(s): n.: The spirit; the soul of man.; n.: The disembodied soul; the soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death; an apparition; a specter.; n.: Any faint shadowy semblance; an unsubstantial image; a phantom; a glimmering; as not a ghost of a chance; the ghost of an idea.; n.: A false image formed in a telescope by reflection from the surfaces of one or more lenses.; v. i.: To die; to expire.; v. t.: To appear to or haunt in the form of an apparition.
Found on page(s): [55]

lean - lean, Definition(s): v. t.: To conceal.; v. i.: To incline deviate or bend from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating; as she leaned out at the window; a leaning column.; v. i.: To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; -- with to toward etc.; v. i.: To rest or rely for support comfort and the like; -- with on upon or against.; v. i.: To cause to lean; to incline; to support or rest.; v. i.: Wanting flesh; destitute of or deficient in fat; not plump; meager; thin; lank; as a lean body; a lean cattle.; v. i.: Wanting fullness richness sufficiency or productiveness; deficient in quality or contents; slender; scant; barren; bare; mean; -- used literally and figuratively; as the lean harvest; a lean purse; a lean discourse; lean wages.; v. i.: Of a character which prevents the compositor from earning the usual wages; -- opposed to fat; as lean copy matter or type.; n.: That part of flesh which consist principally of muscle without the fat.; n.: Unremunerative copy or work.
Found on page(s): [4]

recall - recall, Definition(s): v. t.: To call back; to summon to return; as to recall troops; to recall an ambassador.; v. t.: To revoke; to annul by a subsequent act; to take back; to withdraw; as to recall words or a decree.; v. t.: To call back to mind; to revive in memory; to recollect; to remember; as to recall bygone days.; n.: A calling back; a revocation.; n.: A call on the trumpet bugle or drum by which soldiers are recalled from duty labor etc.
Found on page(s): [43]

dark - dark, Definition(s): a.: Destitute or partially destitute of light; not receiving reflecting or radiating light; wholly or partially black or of some deep shade of color; not light-colored; as a dark room; a dark day; dark cloth; dark paint; a dark complexion.; a.: Not clear to the understanding; not easily seen through; obscure; mysterious; hidden.; a.: Destitute of knowledge and culture; in moral or intellectual darkness; unrefined; ignorant.; a.: Evincing black or foul traits of character; vile; wicked; atrocious; as a dark villain; a dark deed.; a.: Foreboding evil; gloomy; jealous; suspicious.; a.: Deprived of sight; blind.; n.: Absence of light; darkness; obscurity; a place where there is little or no light.; n.: The condition of ignorance; gloom; secrecy.; n.: A dark shade or dark passage in a painting engraving or the like; as the light and darks are well contrasted.; v. t.: To darken to obscure.
Found on page(s): [9, 16, 28, 34]

variously - variously, Definition(s): adv.: In various or different ways.
Found on page(s): [8]

sensible - sensible, Definition(s): a.: Capable of being perceived by the senses; apprehensible through the bodily organs; hence also perceptible to the mind; making an impression upon the sense reason or understanding; ////// heat; sensible resistance.; a.: Having the capacity of receiving impressions from external objects; capable of perceiving by the instrumentality of the proper organs; liable to be affected physsically or mentally; impressible.; a.: Hence: Liable to impression from without; easily affected; having nice perception or acute feeling; sensitive; also readily moved or affected by natural agents; delicate; as a sensible thermometer.; a.: Perceiving or having perception either by the senses or the mind; cognizant; perceiving so clearly as to be convinced; satisfied; persuaded.; a.: Having moral perception; capable of being affected by moral good or evil.; a.: Possessing or containing sense or reason; giftedwith or characterized by good or common sense; intelligent; wise.; n.: Sensation; sensibility.; n.: That which impresses itself on the sense; anything perceptible.; n.: That which has sensibility; a sensitive being.
Found on page(s): [13]

precious - precious, Definition(s): a.: Of great price; costly; as a precious stone.; a.: Of great value or worth; very valuable; highly esteemed; dear; beloved; as precious recollections.; a.: Particular; fastidious; overnice.
Found on page(s): [8, 18, 40]

continued - continued, Definition(s): p. p. & a.: Having extension of time space order of events exertion of energy etc.; extended; protracted; uninterrupted; also resumed after interruption; extending through a succession of issues session etc.; as a continued story.
Found on page(s): [17]

sojourning - sojourning, Definition(s): n.: The act or state of one who sojourns.
Found on page(s): [29]

thou - thou, Definition(s): obj.: The second personal pronoun in the singular number denoting the person addressed; thyself; the pronoun which is used in addressing persons in the solemn or poetical style.; v. t.: To address as thou esp. to do so in order to treat with insolent familiarity or contempt.; v. i.: To use the words thou and thee in discourse after the manner of the Friends.
Found on page(s): [1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 38, 40, 42, 43, 44, 46, 47, 48, 49, 55]

leaf - leaf, Definition(s): n.: A colored usually green expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage.; n.: A special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem whether appearing as a part of the foliage or as a cotyledon a scale a bract a spine or a tendril.; n.: Something which is like a leaf in being wide and thin and having a flat surface or in being attached to a larger body by one edge or end; as : (a) A part of a book or folded sheet containing two pages upon its opposite sides. (b) A side division or part that slides or is hinged as of window shutters folding doors etc. (c) The movable side of a table. (d) A very thin plate; as gold leaf. (e) A portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer. (f) One of the teeth of a pinion especially when small.; v. i.: To shoot out leaves; to produce leaves; to leave; as the trees leaf in May.
Found on page(s): [46]

infuse - infuse, Definition(s): v. t.: To pour in as a liquid; to pour (into or upon); to shed.; v. t.: To instill as principles or qualities; to introduce.; v. t.: To inspire; to inspirit or animate; to fill; -- followed by with.; v. t.: To steep in water or other fluid without boiling for the propose of extracting medicinal qualities; to soak.; v. t.: To make an infusion with as an ingredient; to tincture; to saturate.; n.: Infusion.
Found on page(s): [30]

oblivion - oblivion, Definition(s): n.: The act of forgetting or the state of being forgotten; cessation of remembrance; forgetfulness.; n.: Official ignoring of offenses; amnesty or general pardon; as an act of oblivion.
Found on page(s): [37]

lead - lead, Definition(s): n.: One of the elements a heavy pliable inelastic metal having a bright bluish color but easily tarnished. It is both malleable and ductile though with little tenacity and is used for tubes sheets bullets etc. Its specific gravity is 11.37. It is easily fusible forms alloys with other metals and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic weight 206.4. Symbol Pb (L. Plumbum). It is chiefly obtained from the mineral galena lead sulphide.; n.: A plummet or mass of lead used in sounding at sea.; n.: A thin strip of type metal used to separate lines of type in printing.; n.: Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs; hence pl. a roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.; n.: A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago used in pencils.; v. t.: To cover fill or affect with lead; as continuous firing leads the grooves of a rifle.; v. t.: To place leads between the lines of; as to lead a page; leaded matter.; v. t.: To guide or conduct with the hand or by means of some physical contact connection; as a father leads a child; a jockey leads a horse with a halter; a dog leads a blind man.; v. t.: To guide or conduct in a certain course or to a certain place or end by making the way known; to show the way esp. by going with or going in advance of. Hence figuratively: To direct; to counsel; to instruct; as to lead a traveler; to lead a pupil.; v. t.: To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; as to lead an army an exploring party or a search; to lead a political party.; v. t.: To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence to be foremost or chief among; as the big sloop led the fleet of yachts; the Guards led the attack; Demosthenes leads the orators of all ages.; v. t.: To draw or direct by influence whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure; as to lead one to espouse a righteous cause.; v. t.: To guide or conduct one's self in through or along (a certain course); hence to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).; v. t.: To begin a game round or trick with; as to lead trumps; the double five was led.; v. i.: To guide or conduct as by accompanying going before showing influencing directing with authority etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; -- used in most of the senses of lead v. t.; v. t.: To tend or reach in a certain direction or to a certain place; as the path leads to the mill; gambling leads to other vices.; n.: The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction; as to take the lead; to be under the lead of another.; n.: precedence; advance position; also the measure of precedence; as the white horse had the lead; a lead of a boat's length or of half a second.; n.: The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit or piece so played; as your partner has the lead.; n.: An open way in an ice field.; n.: A lode.; n.: The course of a rope from end to end.; n.: The width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve for the admission or release of steam at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.; n.: the distance of haul as from a cutting to an embankment.; n.: The action of a tooth as a tooth of a wheel in impelling another tooth or a pallet.
Found on page(s): [7, 26, 45]

presageful - presageful, Definition(s): a.: Full of presages; ominous.
Found on page(s): [43]

depth - depth, Definition(s): n.: The quality of being deep; deepness; perpendicular measurement downward from the surface or horizontal measurement backward from the front; as the depth of a river; the depth of a body of troops.; n.: Profoundness; extent or degree of intensity; abundance; completeness; as depth of knowledge or color.; n.: Lowness; as depth of sound.; n.: That which is deep; a deep or the deepest part or place; the deep; the middle part; as the depth of night or of winter.; n.: The number of simple elements which an abstract conception or notion includes; the comprehension or content.; n.: A pair of toothed wheels which work together.
Found on page(s): [1, 40, 51, 53]

robe - robe, Definition(s): v. t.: An outer garment; a dress of a rich flowing and elegant style or make; hence a dress of state rank office or the like.; v. t.: A skin of an animal especially a skin of the bison dressed with the fur on and used as a wrap.; v. t.: To invest with a robe or robes; to dress; to array; as fields robed with green.
Found on page(s): [11, 52]

ensign - ensign, Definition(s): n.: A flag; a banner; a standard; esp. the national flag or a banner indicating nationality carried by a ship or a body of soldiers; -- as distinguished from flags indicating divisions of the army rank of naval officers or private signals and the like.; n.: A signal displayed like a standard to give notice.; n.: Sign; badge of office rank or power; symbol.; n.: Formerly a commissioned officer of the army who carried the ensign or flag of a company or regiment.; n.: A commissioned officer of the lowest grade in the navy corresponding to the grade of second lieutenant in the army.; v. t.: To designate as by an ensign.; v. t.: To distinguish by a mark or ornament; esp. (Her.) by a crown; thus any charge which has a crown immediately above or upon it is said to be ensigned.
Found on page(s): [22]

lastly - lastly, Definition(s): adv.: In the last place; in conclusion.; adv.: at last; finally.
Found on page(s): [39]

scarce - scarce, Definition(s): superl.: Not plentiful or abundant; in small quantity in proportion to the demand; not easily to be procured; rare; uncommon.; superl.: Scantily supplied (with); deficient (in); -- with of.; superl.: Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; stingy.; adv.: Alt.
Found on page(s): [33]

argument - argument, Definition(s): n.: Proof; evidence.; n.: A reason or reasons offered in proof to induce belief or convince the mind; reasoning expressed in words; as an argument about concerning or regarding a proposition for or in favor of it or against it.; n.: A process of reasoning or a controversy made up of rational proofs; argumentation; discussion; disputation.; n.: The subject matter of a discourse writing or artistic representation; theme or topic; also an abstract or summary as of the contents of a book chapter poem.; n.: Matter for question; business in hand.; n.: The quantity on which another quantity in a table depends; as the altitude is the argument of the refraction.; n.: The independent variable upon whose value that of a function depends.; v. i.: To make an argument; to argue.
Found on page(s): [14, 15]

parle - parle, Definition(s): v. i.: To talk; to converse; to parley.; n.: Conversation; talk; parley.
Found on page(s): [35]

reveal - reveal, Definition(s): v. t.: To make known (that which has been concealed or kept secret); to unveil; to disclose; to show.; v. t.: Specifically to communicate (that which could not be known or discovered without divine or supernatural instruction or agency).; n.: A revealing; a disclosure.; n.: The side of an opening for a window doorway or the like between the door frame or window frame and the outer surface of the wall; or where the opening is not filled with a door etc. the whole thickness of the wall; the jamb.
Found on page(s): [5]

passage - passage, Definition(s): v. i.: The act of passing; transit from one place to another; movement from point to point; a going by over across or through; as the passage of a man or a carriage; the passage of a ship or a bird; the passage of light; the passage of fluids through the pores or channels of the body.; v. i.: Transit by means of conveyance; journey as by water carriage car or the like; travel; right liberty or means of passing; conveyance.; v. i.: Price paid for the liberty to pass; fare; as to pay one's passage.; v. i.: Removal from life; decease; departure; death.; v. i.: Way; road; path; channel or course through or by which one passes; way of exit or entrance; way of access or transit. Hence a common avenue to various apartments in a building; a hall; a corridor.; v. i.: A continuous course process or progress; a connected or continuous series; as the passage of time.; v. i.: A separate part of a course process or series; an occurrence; an incident; an act or deed.; v. i.: A particular portion constituting a part of something continuous; esp. a portion of a book speech or musical composition; a paragraph; a clause.; v. i.: Reception; currency.; v. i.: A pass or en encounter; as a passage at arms.; v. i.: A movement or an evacuation of the bowels.; v. i.: In parliamentary proceedings: (a) The course of a proposition (bill resolution etc.) through the several stages of consideration and action; as during its passage through Congress the bill was amended in both Houses. (b) The advancement of a bill or other proposition from one stage to another by an affirmative vote; esp. the final affirmative action of the body upon a proposition; hence adoption; enactment; as the passage of the bill to its third reading was delayed.
Found on page(s): [2, 8, 34]

hindrance - hindrance, Definition(s): v. t.: The act of hindering or the state of being hindered.; v. t.: That which hinders; an impediment.
Found on page(s): [4]

utter - utter, Definition(s): a.: Outer.; a.: Situated on the outside or extreme limit; remote from the center; outer.; a.: Complete; perfect; total; entire; absolute; as utter ruin; utter darkness.; a.: Peremptory; unconditional; unqualified; final; as an utter refusal or denial.; a.: To put forth or out; to reach out.; a.: To dispose of in trade; to sell or vend.; a.: hence to put in circulation as money; to put off as currency; to cause to pass in trade; -- often used specifically of the issue of counterfeit notes or coins forged or fraudulent documents and the like; as to utter coin or bank notes.; a.: To give public expression to; to disclose; to publish; to speak; to pronounce.
Found on page(s): [56]

declension - declension, Definition(s): n.: The act or the state of declining; declination; descent; slope.; n.: A falling off towards a worse state; a downward tendency; deterioration; decay; as the declension of virtue of science of a state etc.; n.: Act of courteously refusing; act of declining; a declinature; refusal; as the declension of a nomination.; n.: Inflection of nouns adjectives etc. according to the grammatical cases.; n.: The form of the inflection of a word declined by cases; as the first or the second declension of nouns adjectives etc.; n.: Rehearsing a word as declined.
Found on page(s): [14]

plain - plain, Definition(s): v. i.: To lament; to bewail; to complain.; v. t.: To lament; to mourn over; as to plain a loss.; superl.: Without elevations or depressions; flat; level; smooth; even. See Plane.; superl.: Open; clear; unencumbered; equal; fair.; superl.: Not intricate or difficult; evident; manifest; obvious; clear; unmistakable.; superl.: Void of extraneous beauty or ornament; without conspicious embellishment; not rich; simple.; superl.: Not highly cultivated; unsophisticated; free from show or pretension; simple; natural; homely; common.; superl.: Free from affectation or disguise; candid; sincere; artless; honest; frank.; superl.: Not luxurious; not highly seasoned; simple; as plain food.; superl.: Without beauty; not handsome; homely; as a plain woman.; superl.: Not variegated dyed or figured; as plain muslin.; superl.: Not much varied by modulations; as a plain tune.; adv.: In a plain manner; plainly.; a.: Level land; usually an open field or a broad stretch of land with an even surface or a surface little varied by inequalities; as the plain of Jordan; the American plains or prairies.; a.: A field of battle.; v.: To plane or level; to make plain or even on the surface.; v.: To make plain or manifest; to explain.
Found on page(s): [6, 25, 40]

cologne - cologne, Definition(s): n.: A perfumed liquid composed of alcohol and certain aromatic oils used in the toilet; -- called also cologne water and eau de cologne.
Found on page(s): [38]

justice - justice, Definition(s): a.: The quality of being just; conformity to the principles of righteousness and rectitude in all things; strict performance of moral obligations; practical conformity to human or divine law; integrity in the dealings of men with each other; rectitude; equity; uprightness.; a.: Conformity to truth and reality in expressing opinions and in conduct; fair representation of facts respecting merit or demerit; honesty; fidelity; impartiality; as the justice of a description or of a judgment; historical justice.; a.: The rendering to every one his due or right; just treatment; requital of desert; merited reward or punishment; that which is due to one's conduct or motives.; a.: Agreeableness to right; equity; justness; as the justice of a claim.; a.: A person duly commissioned to hold courts or to try and decide controversies and administer justice.; v. t.: To administer justice to.
Found on page(s): [10, 14, 22, 23, 24, 27]

sage - sage, Definition(s): n.: A suffruticose labiate plant (Salvia officinalis) with grayish green foliage much used in flavoring meats etc. The name is often extended to the whole genus of which many species are cultivated for ornament as the scarlet sage and Mexican red and blue sage.; n.: The sagebrush.; superl.: Having nice discernment and powers of judging; prudent; grave; sagacious.; superl.: Proceeding from wisdom; well judged; shrewd; well adapted to the purpose.; superl.: Grave; serious; solemn.; n.: A wise man; a man of gravity and wisdom; especially a man venerable for years and of sound judgment and prudence; a grave philosopher.
Found on page(s): [45]

blow - blow, Definition(s): v. i.: To flower; to blossom; to bloom.; v. t.: To cause to blossom; to put forth (blossoms or flowers).; n.: A blossom; a flower; also a state of blossoming; a mass of blossoms.; n.: A forcible stroke with the hand fist or some instrument as a rod a club an ax or a sword.; n.: A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault.; n.: The infliction of evil; a sudden calamity; something which produces mental physical or financial suffering or loss (esp. when sudden); a buffet.; v. i.: To produce a current of air; to move as air esp. to move rapidly or with power; as the wind blows.; v. i.: To send forth a forcible current of air as from the mouth or from a pair of bellows.; v. i.: To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff.; v. i.: To sound on being blown into as a trumpet.; v. i.: To spout water etc. from the blowholes as a whale.; v. i.: To be carried or moved by the wind; as the dust blows in from the street.; v. i.: To talk loudly; to boast; to storm.; v. t.: To force a current of air upon with the mouth or by other means; as to blow the fire.; v. t.: To drive by a current air; to impel; as the tempest blew the ship ashore.; v. t.: To cause air to pass through by the action of the mouth or otherwise; to cause to sound as a wind instrument; as to blow a trumpet; to blow an organ.; v. t.: To clear of contents by forcing air through; as to blow an egg; to blow one's nose.; v. t.: To burst shatter or destroy by an explosion; -- usually with up down open or similar adverb; as to blow up a building.; v. t.: To spread by report; to publish; to disclose.; v. t.: To form by inflation; to swell by injecting air; as to blow bubbles; to blow glass.; v. t.: To inflate as with pride; to puff up.; v. t.: To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue; as to blow a horse.; v. t.: To deposit eggs or larvae upon or in (meat etc.).; n.: A blowing esp. a violent blowing of the wind; a gale; as a heavy blow came on and the ship put back to port.; n.: The act of forcing air from the mouth or through or from some instrument; as to give a hard blow on a whistle or horn; to give the fire a blow with the bellows.; n.: The spouting of a whale.; n.: A single heat or operation of the Bessemer converter.; n.: An egg or a larva deposited by a fly on or in flesh or the act of depositing it.
Found on page(s): [50]

proud - proud, Definition(s): superl.: Possessing or showing too great self-esteem; overrating one's excellences; hence arrogant; haughty; lordly; presumptuous.; superl.: Having a feeling of high self-respect or self-esteem; exulting (in); elated; -- often with of; as proud of one's country.; superl.: Giving reason or occasion for pride or self-gratulation; worthy of admiration; grand; splendid; magnificent; admirable; ostentatious.; superl.: Excited by sexual desire; -- applied particularly to the females of some animals.
Found on page(s): [5, 42]

hector - hector, Definition(s): n.: A bully; a blustering turbulent insolent fellow; one who vexes or provokes.; v. t.: To treat with insolence; to threaten; to bully; hence to torment by words; to tease; to taunt; to worry or irritate by bullying.; v. i.: To play the bully; to bluster; to be turbulent or insolent.
Found on page(s): [22]

inquiring - inquiring, Definition(s): a.: Given to inquiry; disposed to investigate causes; curious; as an inquiring mind.
Found on page(s): [30]

godless - godless, Definition(s): a.: Having or acknowledging no God; without reverence for God; impious; wicked.
Found on page(s): [33]

tinkling - tinkling, Definition(s): n.: A tinkle or succession of tinkles.; n.: A grackle (Quiscalus crassirostris) native of Jamaica. It often associates with domestic cattle and rids them of insects.
Found on page(s): [39]

constrain - constrain, Definition(s): v. t.: To secure by bonds; to chain; to bond or confine; to hold tightly; to constringe.; v. t.: To bring into a narrow compass; to compress.; v. t.: To hold back by force; to restrain; to repress.; v. t.: To compel; to force; to necessitate; to oblige.; v. t.: To violate; to ravish.; v. t.: To produce in such a manner as to give an unnatural effect; as a constrained voice.
Found on page(s): [13]

towards - towards, Definition(s): prep.: In the direction of; to.; prep.: With direction to in a moral sense; with respect or reference to; regarding; concerning.; prep.: Tending to; in the direction of; in behalf of.; prep.: Near; about; approaching to.; adv.: Near; at hand; in state of preparation.; prep. & adv.: See Toward.
Found on page(s): [19, 40]

sent - sent, Definition(s): v. & n.: See Scent v. & n.; : obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Send for sendeth.; : imp. & p. p. of Send.
Found on page(s): [22, 44]

cord - cord, Definition(s): n.: A string or small rope composed of several strands twisted together.; n.: A solid measure equivalent to 128 cubic feet; a pile of wood or other coarse material eight feet long four feet high and four feet broad; -- originally measured with a cord or line.; n.: Fig.: Any moral influence by which persons are caught held or drawn as if by a cord; an enticement; as the cords of the wicked; the cords of sin; the cords of vanity.; n.: Any structure having the appearance of a cord esp. a tendon or a nerve. See under Spermatic Spinal Umbilical Vocal.; n.: See Chord.; v. t.: To bind with a cord; to fasten with cords; to connect with cords; to ornament or finish with a cord or cords as a garment.; v. t.: To arrange (wood etc.) in a pile for measurement by the cord.
Found on page(s): [4, 19, 42, 46]

safe - safe, Definition(s): superl.: Free from harm injury or risk; untouched or unthreatened by danger or injury; unharmed; unhurt; secure; whole; as safe from disease; safe from storms; safe from foes.; superl.: Conferring safety; securing from harm; not exposing to danger; confining securely; to be relied upon; not dangerous; as a safe harbor; a safe bridge etc.; superl.: Incapable of doing harm; no longer dangerous; in secure care or custody; as the prisoner is safe.; n.: A place for keeping things in safety.; n.: A strong and fireproof receptacle (as a movable chest of steel etc. or a closet or vault of brickwork) for containing money valuable papers or the like.; n.: A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects.; v. t.: To render safe; to make right.
Found on page(s): [8, 40, 44]

ground - ground, Definition(s): n.: The surface of the earth; the outer crust of the globe or some indefinite portion of it.; n.: A floor or pavement supposed to rest upon the earth.; n.: Any definite portion of the earth's surface; region; territory; country. Hence: A territory appropriated to or resorted to for a particular purpose; the field or place of action; as a hunting or fishing ground; a play ground.; n.: Land; estate; possession; field; esp. (pl.) the gardens lawns fields etc. belonging to a homestead; as the grounds of the estate are well kept.; n.: The basis on which anything rests; foundation. Hence: The foundation of knowledge belief or conviction; a premise reason or datum; ultimate or first principle; cause of existence or occurrence; originating force or agency; as the ground of my hope.; n.: That surface upon which the figures of a composition are set and which relieves them by its plainness being either of one tint or of tints but slightly contrasted with one another; as crimson Bowers on a white ground.; n.: In sculpture a flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief.; n.: In point lace the net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied; as Brussels ground. See Brussels lace under Brussels.; n.: A gummy composition spread over the surface of a metal to be etched to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.; n.: One of the pieces of wood flush with the plastering to which moldings etc. are attached; -- usually in the plural.; n.: A composition in which the bass consisting of a few bars of independent notes is continually repeated to a varying melody.; n.: The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song.; n.: A conducting connection with the earth whereby the earth is made part of an electrical circuit.; n.: Sediment at the bottom of liquors or liquids; dregs; lees; feces; as coffee grounds.; n.: The pit of a theater.; v. t.: To lay set or run on the ground.; v. t.: To found; to fix or set as on a foundation reason or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.; v. t.: To instruct in elements or first principles.; v. t.: To connect with the ground so as to make the earth a part of an electrical circuit.; v. t.: To cover with a ground as a copper plate for etching (see Ground n. 5); or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.; v. i.: To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed; as the ship grounded on the bar.; : imp. & p. p. of Grind.
Found on page(s): [7]

glitter - glitter, Definition(s): v. i.: To sparkle with light; to shine with a brilliant and broken light or showy luster; to gleam; as a glittering sword.; v. i.: To be showy specious or striking and hence attractive; as the glittering scenes of a court.; n.: A bright sparkling light; brilliant and showy luster; brilliancy; as the glitter of arms; the glitter of royal equipage.
Found on page(s): [33, 52]

departure - departure, Definition(s): n.: Division; separation; putting away.; n.: Separation or removal from a place; the act or process of departing or going away.; n.: Removal from the present life; death; decease.; n.: Deviation or abandonment as from or of a rule or course of action a plan or a purpose.; n.: The desertion by a party to any pleading of the ground taken by him in his last antecedent pleading and the adoption of another.; n.: The distance due east or west which a person or ship passes over in going along an oblique line.
Found on page(s): [36]

herself - herself, Definition(s): pron.: An emphasized form of the third person feminine pronoun; -- used as a subject with she; as she herself will bear the blame; also used alone in the predicate either in the nominative or objective case; as it is herself; she blames herself.; pron.: Her own proper true or real character; hence her right or sane mind; as the woman was deranged but she is now herself again; she has come to herself.
Found on page(s): [10, 12, 40, 44]

fitful - fitful, Definition(s): a.: Full of fits; irregularly variable; impulsive and unstable.
Found on page(s): [51]

penalty - penalty, Definition(s): n.: Penal retribution; punishment for crime or offense; the suffering in person or property which is annexed by law or judicial decision to the commission of a crime offense or trespass.; n.: The suffering or the sum to be forfeited to which a person subjects himself by covenant or agreement in case of nonfulfillment of stipulations; forfeiture; fine.; n.: A handicap.
Found on page(s): [25]

stout - stout, Definition(s): superl.: Strong; lusty; vigorous; robust; sinewy; muscular; hence firm; resolute; dauntless.; superl.: Proud; haughty; arrogant; hard.; superl.: Firm; tough; materially strong; enduring; as a stout vessel stick string or cloth.; superl.: Large; bulky; corpulent.; n.: A strong malt liquor; strong porter.
Found on page(s): [45]

exile - exile, Definition(s): n.: Forced separation from one's native country; expulsion from one's home by the civil authority; banishment; sometimes voluntary separation from one's native country.; n.: The person expelled from his country by authority; also one who separates himself from his home.; v. t.: To banish or expel from one's own country or home; to drive away.; a.: Small; slender; thin; fine.
Found on page(s): [39]

distinct - distinct, Definition(s): a.: Distinguished; having the difference marked; separated by a visible sign; marked out; specified.; a.: Marked; variegated.; a.: Separate in place; not conjunct; not united by growth or otherwise; -- with from.; a.: Not identical; different; individual.; a.: So separated as not to be confounded with any other thing; not liable to be misunderstood; not confused; well-defined; clear; as we have a distinct or indistinct view of a prospect.; v. t.: To distinguish.
Found on page(s): [8, 28, 53]

scale - scale, Definition(s): n.: The dish of a balance; hence the balance itself; an instrument or machine for weighing; as to turn the scale; -- chiefly used in the plural when applied to the whole instrument or apparatus for weighing. Also used figuratively.; n.: The sign or constellation Libra.; v. t.: To weigh or measure according to a scale; to measure; also to grade or vary according to a scale or system.; n.: One of the small thin membranous bony or horny pieces which form the covering of many fishes and reptiles and some mammals belonging to the dermal part of the skeleton or dermoskeleton. See Cycloid Ctenoid and Ganoid.; n.: Hence any layer or leaf of metal or other material resembling in size and thinness the scale of a fish; as a scale of iron of bone etc.; n.: One of the small scalelike structures covering parts of some invertebrates as those on the wings of Lepidoptera and on the body of Thysanura; the elytra of certain annelids. See Lepidoptera.; n.: A scale insect. (See below.; n.: A small appendage like a rudimentary leaf resembling the scales of a fish in form and often in arrangement; as the scale of a bud of a pine cone and the like. The name is also given to the chaff on the stems of ferns.; n.: The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife. See Illust. of Pocketknife.; n.: An incrustation deposit on the inside of a vessel in which water is heated as a steam boiler.; n.: The thin oxide which forms on the surface of iron forgings. It consists essentially of the magnetic oxide Fe3O4. Also a similar coating upon other metals.; v. t.: To strip or clear of scale or scales; as to scale a fish; to scale the inside of a boiler.; v. t.: To take off in thin layers or scales as tartar from the teeth; to pare off as a surface.; v. t.: To scatter; to spread.; v. t.: To clean as the inside of a cannon by the explosion of a small quantity of powder.; v. i.: To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae; as some sandstone scales by exposure.; v. i.: To separate; to scatter.; n.: A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending.; n.: Hence anything graduated especially when employed as a measure or rule or marked by lines at regular intervals.; n.: A mathematical instrument consisting of a slip of wood ivory or metal with one or more sets of spaces graduated and numbered on its surface for measuring or laying off distances etc. as in drawing plotting and the like. See Gunter's scale.; n.: A series of spaces marked by lines and representing proportionately larger distances; as a scale of miles yards feet etc. for a map or plan.; n.: A basis for a numeral system; as the decimal scale; the binary scale etc.; n.: The graduated series of all the tones ascending or descending from the keynote to its octave; -- called also the gamut. It may be repeated through any number of octaves. See Chromatic scale Diatonic scale Major scale and Minor scale under Chromatic Diatonic Major and Minor.; n.: Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order; as a scale of being.; n.: Relative dimensions without difference in proportion of parts; size or degree of the parts or components in any complex thing compared with other like things; especially the relative proportion of the linear dimensions of the parts of a drawing map model etc. to the dimensions of the corresponding parts of the object that is represented; as a map on a scale of an inch to a mile.; v. t.: To climb by a ladder or as if by a ladder; to ascend by steps or by climbing; to clamber up; as to scale the wall of a fort.; v. i.: To lead up by steps; to ascend.
Found on page(s): [16, 48]

recovery - recovery, Definition(s): n.: The act of recovering regaining or retaking possession.; n.: Restoration from sickness weakness faintness or the like; restoration from a condition of mistortune of fright etc.; n.: The obtaining in a suit at law of a right to something by a verdict and judgment of court.; n.: The getting or gaining of something not previously had.; n.: In rowing the act of regaining the proper position for making a new stroke.
Found on page(s): [26]

aware - aware, Definition(s): a.: Watchful; vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.; a.: Apprised; informed; cognizant; conscious; as he was aware of the enemy's designs.
Found on page(s): [54]

lees - lees, Definition(s): n. pl.: Dregs. See 2d Lee.; n.: A leash.
Found on page(s): [46]

ready - ready, Definition(s): superl.: Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey.; superl.: Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished.; superl.: Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed.; superl.: Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman.; superl.: Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy.; superl.: On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive.; superl.: A word of command or a position in the manual of arms at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command which is aim.; adv.: In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay.; n.: Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as he was well supplied with the ready.; v. t.: To dispose in order.
Found on page(s): [29, 52, 56]

station - station, Definition(s): n.: The act of standing; also attitude or pose in standing; posture.; n.: A state of standing or rest; equilibrium.; n.: The spot or place where anything stands especially where a person or thing habitually stands or is appointed to remain for a time; as the station of a sentinel.; n.: A regular stopping place in a stage road or route; a place where railroad trains regularly come to a stand for the convenience of passengers taking in fuel moving freight etc.; n.: The headquarters of the police force of any precinct.; n.: The place at which an instrument is planted or observations are made as in surveying.; n.: The particular place or kind of situation in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat.; n.: A place to which ships may resort and where they may anchor safely.; n.: A place or region to which a government ship or fleet is assigned for duty.; n.: A place calculated for the rendezvous of troops or for the distribution of them; also a spot well adapted for offensive measures. Wilhelm (Mil. Dict.).; n.: An enlargement in a shaft or galley used as a landing or passing place or for the accomodation of a pump tank etc.; n.: Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment.; n.: Situation; position; location.; n.: State; rank; condition of life; social status.; n.: The fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week Wednesday and Friday in memory of the council which condemned Christ and of his passion.; n.: A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers.; n.: One of the places at which ecclesiastical processions pause for the performance of an act of devotion; formerly the tomb of a martyr or some similarly consecrated spot; now especially one of those representations of the successive stages of our Lord's passion which are often placed round the naves of large churches and by the side of the way leading to sacred edifices or shrines and which are visited in rotation stated services being performed at each; -- called also Station of the cross.; v. t.: To place; to set; to appoint or assign to the occupation of a post place or office; as to station troops on the right of an army; to station a sentinel on a rampart; to station ships on the coasts of Africa.
Found on page(s): [10]

herb - herb, Definition(s): n.: A plant whose stem does not become woody and permanent but dies at least down to the ground after flowering.; n.: Grass; herbage.
Found on page(s): [3]

smooth - smooth, Definition(s): superl.: Having an even surface or a surface so even that no roughness or points can be perceived by the touch; not rough; as smooth glass; smooth porcelain.; superl.: Evenly spread or arranged; sleek; as smooth hair.; superl.: Gently flowing; moving equably; not ruffled or obstructed; as a smooth stream.; superl.: Flowing or uttered without check obstruction or hesitation; not harsh; voluble; even; fluent.; superl.: Bland; mild; smoothing; fattering.; superl.: Causing no resistance to a body sliding along its surface; frictionless.; adv.: Smoothly.; n.: The act of making smooth; a stroke which smooths.; n.: That which is smooth; the smooth part of anything.; a.: To make smooth; to make even on the surface by any means; as to smooth a board with a plane; to smooth cloth with an iron.; a.: To free from obstruction; to make easy.; a.: To free from harshness; to make flowing.; a.: To palliate; to gloze; as to smooth over a fault.; a.: To give a smooth or calm appearance to.; a.: To ease; to regulate.; v. i.: To flatter; to use blandishment.
Found on page(s): [9, 40, 46]

motion - motion, Definition(s): n.: The act process or state of changing place or position; movement; the passing of a body from one place or position to another whether voluntary or involuntary; -- opposed to rest.; n.: Power of or capacity for motion.; n.: Direction of movement; course; tendency; as the motion of the planets is from west to east.; n.: Change in the relative position of the parts of anything; action of a machine with respect to the relative movement of its parts.; n.: Movement of the mind desires or passions; mental act or impulse to any action; internal activity.; n.: A proposal or suggestion looking to action or progress; esp. a formal proposal made in a deliberative assembly; as a motion to adjourn.; n.: An application made to a court or judge orally in open court. Its object is to obtain an order or rule directing some act to be done in favor of the applicant.; n.: Change of pitch in successive sounds whether in the same part or in groups of parts.; n.: A puppet show or puppet.; v. i.: To make a significant movement or gesture as with the hand; as to motion to one to take a seat.; v. i.: To make proposal; to offer plans.; v. t.: To direct or invite by a motion as of the hand or head; as to motion one to a seat.; v. t.: To propose; to move.
Found on page(s): [8, 11, 27, 28, 29, 36, 43, 47, 49]

satisfy - satisfy, Definition(s): a.: In general to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a thing); hence to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to supply to the full or so far as to give contentment with what is wished for.; a.: To pay to the extent of claims or deserts; to give what is due to; as to satisfy a creditor.; a.: To answer or discharge as a claim debt legal demand or the like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requite; as to satisfy a claim or an execution.; a.: To free from doubt suspense or uncertainty; to give assurance to; to set at rest the mind of; to convince; as to satisfy one's self by inquiry.; v. i.: To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to be desired.; v. i.: To make payment or atonement; to atone.
Found on page(s): [16, 34]

idle - idle, Definition(s): superl.: Of no account; useless; vain; trifling; unprofitable; thoughtless; silly; barren.; superl.: Not called into active service; not turned to appropriate use; unemployed; as idle hours.; superl.: Not employed; unoccupied with business; inactive; doing nothing; as idle workmen.; superl.: Given rest and ease; averse to labor or employment; lazy; slothful; as an idle fellow.; superl.: Light-headed; foolish.; v. i.: To lose or spend time in inaction or without being employed in business.; v. t.: To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume; -- often followed by away; as to idle away an hour a day.
Found on page(s): [18]

fault - fault, Definition(s): n.: Defect; want; lack; default.; n.: Anything that fails that is wanting or that impairs excellence; a failing; a defect; a blemish.; n.: A moral failing; a defect or dereliction from duty; a deviation from propriety; an offense less serious than a crime.; n.: A dislocation of the strata of the vein.; n.: In coal seams coal rendered worthless by impurities in the seam; as slate fault dirt fault etc.; n.: A lost scent; act of losing the scent.; n.: Failure to serve the ball into the proper court.; v. t.: To charge with a fault; to accuse; to find fault with; to blame.; v. t.: To interrupt the continuity of (rock strata) by displacement along a plane of fracture; -- chiefly used in the p. p.; as the coal beds are badly faulted.; v. i.: To err; to blunder to commit a fault; to do wrong.
Found on page(s): [13, 33, 35, 45]

canto - canto, Definition(s): n.: One of the chief divisions of a long poem; a book.; n.: The highest vocal part; the air or melody in choral music; anciently the tenor now the soprano.
Found on page(s): [1, 5, 9, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, 32, 36, 39, 43, 46, 50, 54]

follow - follow, Definition(s): v. t.: To go or come after; to move behind in the same path or direction; hence to go with (a leader guide etc.); to accompany; to attend.; v. t.: To endeavor to overtake; to go in pursuit of; to chase; to pursue; to prosecute.; v. t.: To accept as authority; to adopt the opinions of; to obey; to yield to; to take as a rule of action; as to follow good advice.; v. t.: To copy after; to take as an example.; v. t.: To succeed in order of time rank or office.; v. t.: To result from as an effect from a cause or an inference from a premise.; v. t.: To watch as a receding object; to keep the eyes fixed upon while in motion; to keep the mind upon while in progress as a speech musical performance etc.; also to keep up with; to understand the meaning connection or force of as of a course of thought or argument.; v. t.: To walk in as a road or course; to attend upon closely as a profession or calling.; v. i.: To go or come after; -- used in the various senses of the transitive verb: To pursue; to attend; to accompany; to be a result; to imitate.
Found on page(s): [1, 11, 21, 41, 42, 52, 54]

wilt - wilt, Definition(s): : 2d pers. sing. of Will.; v. i.: To begin to wither; to lose freshness and become flaccid as a plant when exposed when exposed to drought or to great heat in a dry day or when separated from its root; to droop;. to wither.; v. t.: To cause to begin to wither; to make flaccid as a green plant.; v. t.: Hence to cause to languish; to depress or destroy the vigor and energy of.
Found on page(s): [6, 7, 10, 11, 13, 31, 43]

intent - intent, Definition(s): a.: Closely directed; strictly attentive; bent; -- said of the mind thoughts etc.; as a mind intent on self-improvement.; a.: Having the mind closely directed to or bent on an object; sedulous; eager in pursuit of an object; -- formerly with to but now with on; as intent on business or pleasure.; n.: The act of turning the mind toward an object; hence a design; a purpose; intention; meaning; drift; aim.
Found on page(s): [9, 11, 13, 26, 34, 35]

efficacy - efficacy, Definition(s): n.: Power to produce effects; operation or energy of an agent or force; production of the effect intended; as the efficacy of medicine in counteracting disease; the efficacy of prayer.
Found on page(s): [8]

yore - yore, Definition(s): adv.: In time long past; in old time; long since.
Found on page(s): [20]

delphic - delphic, Definition(s): a.: Of or relating to Delphi or to the famous oracle of that place.; a.: Ambiguous; mysterious.
Found on page(s): [2]

refreshing - refreshing, Definition(s): a.: Reviving; reanimating.
Found on page(s): [51]

dignity - dignity, Definition(s): n.: The state of being worthy or honorable; elevation of mind or character; true worth; excellence.; n.: Elevation; grandeur.; n.: Elevated rank; honorable station; high office political or ecclesiastical; degree of excellence; preferment; exaltation.; n.: Quality suited to inspire respect or reverence; loftiness and grace; impressiveness; stateliness; -- said of //en manner style etc.; n.: One holding high rank; a dignitary.; n.: Fundamental principle; axiom; maxim.
Found on page(s): [26]

ounce - ounce, Definition(s): n.: A weight the sixteenth part of a pound avoirdupois and containing 437/ grains.; n.: The twelfth part of a troy pound.; n.: Fig.: A small portion; a bit.; n.: A feline quadruped (Felis irbis / uncia) resembling the leopard in size and somewhat in color but it has longer and thicker fur which forms a short mane on the back. The ounce is pale yellowish gray with irregular dark spots on the neck and limbs and dark rings on the body. It inhabits the lofty mountain ranges of Asia. Called also once.
Found on page(s): [33]

wild - wild, Definition(s): superl.: Living in a state of nature; inhabiting natural haunts as the forest or open field; not familiar with or not easily approached by man; not tamed or domesticated; as a wild boar; a wild ox; a wild cat.; superl.: Growing or produced without culture; growing or prepared without the aid and care of man; native; not cultivated; brought forth by unassisted nature or by animals not domesticated; as wild parsnip wild camomile wild strawberry wild honey.; superl.: Desert; not inhabited or cultivated; as wild land.; superl.: Savage; uncivilized; not refined by culture; ferocious; rude; as wild natives of Africa or America.; superl.: Not submitted to restraint training or regulation; turbulent; tempestuous; violent; ungoverned; licentious; inordinate; disorderly; irregular; fanciful; imaginary; visionary; crazy.; superl.: Exposed to the wind and sea; unsheltered; as a wild roadstead.; superl.: Indicating strong emotion intense excitement or /ewilderment; as a wild look.; superl.: Hard to steer; -- said of a vessel.; n.: An uninhabited and uncultivated tract or region; a forest or desert; a wilderness; a waste; as the wilds of America; the wilds of Africa.; adv.: Wildly; as to talk wild.
Found on page(s): [16]

rival - rival, Definition(s): n.: A person having a common right or privilege with another; a partner.; n.: One who is in pursuit of the same object as another; one striving to reach or obtain something which another is attempting to obtain and which one only can posses; a competitor; as rivals in love; rivals for a crown.; a.: Having the same pretensions or claims; standing in competition for superiority; as rival lovers; rival claims or pretensions.; v. t.: To stand in competition with; to strive to gain some object in opposition to; as to rival one in love.; v. t.: To strive to equal or exel; to emulate.; v. i.: To be in rivalry.
Found on page(s): [21]

